LLMEffiChecker(C)
['A group of cheerleaders are seen walking on stage while the audience cheers. the group', 'A group of cheerleaders are seen walking on stage ]while the audience cheers. the group', 'A group of cheerleaders are sieen walking on stage ]while the audience cheers. the group', 'A group of cheerleaders are sieen walking on stage ]while the audience cheers. the group']
['. a colorful intro with a lot of flashing words', ". a colorful intro 'with a lot of flashing words", ". a colorful intro 'with a lot of flashing words", ". a colorful intro 'with a lot of flashing words"]
['We see a boy cut open and clean out a pumpkin. The man walks to the sink and back to his chair. he', 'We s]ee a boy cut open and clean out a pumpkin. The man walks to the sink and back to his chair. he', 'We s]ee a boy cut open and clean out a pumpkin. Thpe man walks to the sink and back to his chair. he', 'We s]ee a boy cut open and clean out a pumpkin. Thpe man walks to the sink and back to his chair. he']
['A small boy wearing a blue and yellow hoodie and gray sweat pants in standing in an outdoor tennis court. he', 'A small boy wearing a blue and yellow hoodie and gray sweat pants in standing in an outdoor tenni(s court. he', 'A small boy wearing a blue and yellow hoodie and gray sweat pants in standing in an outdoor tenni(s !court. he', 'A small boy wearing a blue and yellow hoodie and gray sweat pants in standing in an outdoor tenni(s !court. he']
['Some young men on an indoor basketball court are shown doing some of the basketball drills. An older man begins explaining the drills while more footage is shown of the players demonstrating them. the screen', 'Some young men on an indoor basketball court are shown doing some of the basketball drills. An older man begins explaining the drills while more footage ias shown of the players demonstrating them. the screen', 'Some young men on an indoor basketball court are shown doing some of the basketball %drills. An older man begins explaining the drills while more footage ias shown of the players demonstrating them. the screen', 'Some young men on an indoor basketball court are shown doing some of the basketball %drills. An older man begins explaining the drills while more footage ias shown of the players demonstrating them. the screen']
['Two women are on a stand opposite one another at a table beginning to arm wrestle. There is a brief hold up before they begin, because their thumb positing is inaccurate. once they', 'Two women are on a stand opposite one another at a table beginning to arm wrestle. There is a brief hold up before they begin, because their thumb positing is inaccurate. on"ce they', 'Two women are on a stand opposite one another at a table beginning to arm wrestle. There is a brief hold up before they begin, because their thumb positing is inaccurate. on"ce they', 'Two women are on a stand opposite one another at a table beginning to arm wrestle. There is a brief hold up before they begin, because their thumb positing is inaccurate. on"ce they']
['Jesse is running around catching the frisbee the lady throws. We see five still shots of jesse jumping in the air. jesse', 'Jesse is runn,ing around catching the frisbee the lady throws. We see five still shots of jesse jumping in the air. jesse', 'Jesse [is runn,ing around catching the frisbee the lady throws. We see five still shots of jesse jumping in the air. jesse', 'Jesse [i#s runn,ing around catching the frisbee the lady throws. We see five still shots of jesse jumping in the air. jesse']
['The limes are juiced into a cup using a hand held press. The salt is poured into the cup from the small bowls. water', 'Th,e limes are juiced into a cup using a hand held press. The salt is poured into the cup from the small bowls. water', 'Th,e limes are juiced into a cup using a hand held press. The salt is poured into the cup froGm the small bowls. water', 'Th,e limes are juiced into a cup using a hand held press. The salt is poured into the cup froGm the small bowls. w<ater']
['The mother instructs them on how to brush their teeth while laughing. The boy helps his younger sister brush his teeth. she', 'The mother instructs them on how to brush their tee_th while laughing. The boy helps his younger sister brush his teeth. she', 'The mother instructs them on how to b&rush their tee_th while laughing. The boy helps his younger sister brush his teeth. she', 'The mother instructs them on how to b&rush their tee_th while laughing. The boy helps his younger sister brush his teeth. she']
['More and more people begin talking and each of them has a bottle of sun screen and starts to squirt it on their arms in effort to protect their skin. a small blue bottle of the sun screen', 'More and more people begin talking and each of them has a bottle of sun screen and starts to squirt it on their arms in e!ffort to protect their skin. a small blue bottle of the sun screen', 'More and more apeople begin talking and each of them has a bottle of sun screen and starts to squirt it on their arms in e!ffort to protect their skin. a small blue bottle of the sun screen', 'More and more apeople begin talking and each of them has a bottle of sun screen and starts to squirt it on their arms in e!ffort to protect their skin. a small blue bottle of the sun screen']
['A graphic introduces the hand car wash video. the car', 'A graphic introduces the hand "car wash video. the car', 'A graphic introduces the hand "car wash video. the car', 'A graphic introduces the hand "car wash video. the car']
['A large crowd is gathered around a field. People enter the field with frisbees and their dogs. they', 'A large crowd is gathered around a field. People enter the field with frisbees and their dogs. they', 'A large crowd is gathered around a field. People enter the field with frisbees and their dogs. they', 'A large crowd is gathered around a field. People enter the field with frisbees and their dogs. they']
['A woman is sitting at a table in a fast food restaurant while eating. She continually speaks to nobody as she eats. she', 'A woman is sitting at a table in a fast food restaurant while _eating. She continually speaks to nobody as she eats. she', 'A woman is sitting at a table in a fast food restaurant while _keating. She continually speaks to nobody as she eats. she', 'A woman is sitting at a table in a fast food restaurant while _keating. She continQually speaks to nobody as she eats. she']
['The man begins by painting a wooden armchair metallic gray with a gold spray paint can. The man then paints a side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood. the man', 'The man begins by painting a wooden armchair metallic gray with a gold spray paint can. The man Xthen paints a side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood. the man', '&The man begins by painting a wooden armchair metallic gray with a gold spray paint can. The man Xthen paints a side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood. the man', '&The man begins by painting a wooden armchair metallic gray w!ith a gold spray paint can. The man Xthen paints a side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood. the man']
['There are people standing on a frozen body of water and are looking into a small hole that has a fishing wire in it and they watch it as it bobs up and down. the standing man', 'There are people standing on a frozen body of water and are looking into a small hole that has a fishing wire in it and they watch it as it bobs up and down. the standing man', 'There are people standing on a frozen body of water and are looking into a small hole that has a fishing wire in it and they watch it as it bobs up and down. the standing man', 'There are people standing on a frozen body of water and are looking into a small hole that has a fishing wire in it and they watch it as it bobs up and down. the standing man']
['A man is holding a pocket knife while sitting on some rocks in the wilderness. then he', 'A man is holding a pocket knife while sitting on some rocks in t:he wilderness. then he', 'A man is holding a pocket knifTe while sitting on some rocks in t:he wilderness. then he', 'A man is holding a pocket knpifTe while sitting on some rocks in t:he wilderness. then he']
['A logo shows that this video is presented by expert village. a man in a small blue boat', 'A logo shows that this video is presented by expert village. a man in a small blue boat', 'A logo shows that this video is presented by expert village. a man in a small blue boat', 'A logo shows that this video is presented by expert village. a man in a small blue boat']
['A woman is seen putting makeup on her face and leads into several pictures of makeup. Many more pictures of products are shown with text across the screen. more pictures of products', 'A woman is seen putting makeup on her face and leads into several pictures of makeup. Many more pictures of products are shown with text across the screen. more pictures of products', 'A woman is seen putting makeup on her face and leads into several pictures of makeup. Many more pictures of products are shown with text across the screen. more pictures of products', 'A woman is seen putting makeup on her face and leads into several pictures of makeup. Many more pictures of products are shown with text across the screen. more pictures of products']
['The boy lands on his back on to a red mat. The boy gets up from the mat. the boy', 'The boy lands on his back on to a red mat. The boy gets up fdrom the mat. the boy', 'The boy lands on his back on to a red mat. The boy g,ets up fdrom the mat. the boy', 'The boy l!ands on his back on to a red mat. The boy g,ets up fdrom the mat. the boy']
['A helicopter flies in some people who then start playing paintball. they', 'A helicopter flies in some people who then start playing paintball. they', 'A helicopter flies in some people who then start playing paintball. they', 'A helicopter flies in some people who then start playing paintball. they']


LLMEffiChecker(T)
['A woman hands a young boy a stick with a little girl grabbing for her attention. the pinata', 'A woman hands a young boy a stick with a little girl grabbing for her attentionwhitening the pinata', 'A woman hands a young boy a stick with a little girl grabbing for her attentionwhitening the pinata', 'A woman hands a young boy a stick with a little girl grabbing for her attentionwhitening the pinata']
["The woman takes some liquid soap and scrubs it on the dog. After she's done washing, she wipes him dry with a towel. then she", "The woman takes some liquid soap and scrubs it on the dog. After she's done washing, she wipes him dry with a towel.waking she", "The woman takes some liquid soap and scrubs it on the dog. After she's done washing, she wipes him dry with a towel.waking prze", "The woman takes some liquid soap and scrubs it on the dog. After she's done washing, she wipes him dry with a towel.waking prze"]
['A track athlete prepares and stretches out on a starting line. A track athlete runs down a track and high jumps over bar onto a mat. the athlete', 'A track athlete prepares and stretches out on a starting line. A track athlete runs down a track and high jumps over bar onto a mat.Pourquoi athlete', 'A track athlete prepares and stretches out on a starting line. A track athlete runs down a track and high jumps over bar onto a mat.Pourquoi athlete', 'A track athlete prepares and stretches out on a starting line. A track athlete runs down a track and high jumps over bar onto a mat.Pourquoi athlete']
['A graphic shows on the screen for a website about basketball drills. Some young men on an indoor basketball court are shown doing some of the basketball drills. an older man', 'A graphic shows on the screen for a website about basketball drills. Some young men on an indoor basketball court are shown doing some of the basketball drills. invented older man', 'A graphic shows on the screen for a website about basketball drills. Some young men on an indoor basketball court are shown doing some of the basketball drills. invented older man', 'A graphic shows on the screen for a website about basketball drills. Some young men on an indoor basketball court are shown doing some of the basketball drills. invented older man']
['People are playing a game of indoor soccer. People are sitting in the stands watching the game. a person', 'People are playing a game of indoor soccer. People are sitting in the stands watching the game. aMRC', 'People are playing a game of indoor soccer. People are sitting in the stands watching the game. aMRC', 'People are playing a game of indoor soccer. People are sitting in the stands watching the game. aMRC']
['The man in brown shirt is standing next to a pile of tennis ball while he is talking to the camera. He played tennis ball with another person. the man in purple shirt', 'The man in brown shirt is standing next to a pile of tennis ball while he is talking to the camera. He played tennis ball with another person. the carcinoma in purple shirt', 'The man in brown shirt is standing next to a pile of tennis ball while he is talking to the camera. He played tennis ball with another person. the carcinoma in purple shirt', 'The man in brown shirt is standing next to a pile of tennis ball while he is talking to the camera. He played tennis ball with another person. the carcinoma in purple shirt']
['The guy seems to be practicing how high he can jump by jumping over the pole many times, each time a person raises the pole higher and higher to see if the guy can jump over it. One jump the guy knocked the pole down when he tried to hump over it. the guy', 'The guy seems to be practicing how high he can jump by jumping over the pole many times, each time a person raises the pole higher and higher to seeRANif the guy can jump over it. One jump the guy knocked the pole down when he tried to hump over it. the guy', 'The guy seems to be practicing how high he can jump by jumping over the pole many times, each time a person raises the pole higher and higher to seeRANif the guy can jump over it. One jump the guy knocked the pole down when he tried to hump over it. the guy', 'The guy seems to be practicing how high he can jump by jumping over the pole many times, each time a person raises the pole higher and higher to seeRANif the guy can jump over it. One jump the guy knocked the pole down when he tried to hump over it. the guy']
['Two women are sitting on a small camel. The woman on the back of the camel waves at the camera. the camel', 'Two women are sitting on a small camel. The woman on the back of the camel waves at the camera.allegedly camel', 'Two women are sitting on a small camel. The woman on the back of the camel waves at the camera.allegedly camel', 'Two women are sitting on a small camel. The woman on the back of the camel waves at the camera.allegedly camel']
['A man is seen throwing a dart onto a board and leads into a woman speaking. the man', 'A man is seen throwing a darétro onto a board and leads into a woman speaking. the man', 'A man is seen throwing a darétro onto a board and leads into a woman speaking. the man', 'A man is seen throwing a darétro onto a board and leads into a woman speaking. the man']
['Several people are seen drilling holes into the ice while looking down and speaking to the camera. Many pictures are shown of the people fishing as well as pulling fish out of a hole. more people', 'Several people are seen drilling holes into the ice while looking down and speaking to the camera. Many pictures are shown of the people fishing as well as pulling fish out of a hole. moreéro', 'áSeveral people are seen drilling holes into the ice while looking down and speaking to the camera. Many pictures are shown of the people fishing as well as pulling fish out of a hole. moreéro', 'áSeveral people are seen drilling holes into the ice while looking down and speaking to the camera. Many pictures are shown of the people fishing as well as pulling fish out of a hole. moreéro']
["The man jetskis while holding the camera at arm's length. The man is shown waterskiing while pulled by the jetski. the man", "Ne man jetskis while holding the camera at arm's length. The man is shown waterskiing while pulled by the jetski. the man", "Ne man jetskis while holding the camera at arm's length. The man is shown waterskiing while pulled by the jetski. the man", "Ne man jetskis while holding the camera at arm's length. The man is shown waterskiing while pulled by the jetski. the man"]
['A surfer is riding the waves in the ocean. He gets on a yellow board and rides over the waves. he', 'A surfer is riding the waves in the ocean. LORD gets on a yellow board and rides over the waves. he', 'A surfer is riding the waves in the ocean. LORD gets on a yellow board and rides over the waves. he', 'A surfer is riding the waves in the ocean. LORD gets on a yellow board and rides over the waves. he']
['Then he takes a small stone from the flowing river and smashes it on another stone. He starts to crush the small stone to smaller pieces. he', 'Then he takes a small stone from the flowing river and smashewächst it on another stone. He starts to crush the small stone to smaller pieces. he', 'Then he takes a small stone from the flowing river and smashewächst it on another stone. He starts to crush the small stone to smaller pieces. he', 'Then he takes a small stone from the flowing river and smashewächst it on another stone. He starts to crush the small stone to smaller pieces. he']
['A guy comes onto the screen to introduce a video about his character on a kids show. he', 'russia guy comes onto the screen to introduce a video about his character on a kids show. he', 'russia guy comes onto the screen to introduce a video about his character on a kids show. he', 'russia guy comes onto the screen to introduce a video about his character on a kids show. he']
['A man talks to a woman about what shoes she likes to wear. People are dancing and enjoying the event together. there', 'A man talks to a woman about what shoes she likes to wear. People are dancing and enjoying the event together Turkish there', 'A man talks to a woman about what shoes she likes to wear. People are dancing and enjoying the event together Turkish there', 'A man talks to a woman about what shoes she likes to wear. People are dancing and enjoying the event together Turkish there']
['A group of people are standing in the middle of a forest with a trail of pebbles separating them from a beautiful crystal clear body of water. the camera', 'A groupGHz people are standing in the middle of a forest with a trail of pebbles separating them from a beautiful crystal clear body of water. the camera', 'A groupGHz people are standing in the middle of a forest with a trail of pebbles separating them from a beautiful crystal clear body of water. the camera', 'A groupGHz people are standing in the middle of a forest with a trail of pebbles separating them from a beautiful crystal clear body of water. the camera']
['A man is first seen speaking to the camera with text questions being asked to him. He is then seen putting a cleaner on his teeth and taking a bit of food. he', 'A man is first seen speaking to the camera with text questions being asked to him lorsqu He is then seen putting a cleaner on his teeth and taking a bit of food. he', 'A man is first seen speaking to the camera with text questions being asked to him lorsqu He is then seen putting a cleaner on his teeth and taking a bit of food. he', 'A man is first seen speaking to the camera with text questions being asked to him lorsqu He is then seen putting a cleaner on his teeth and taking a bit of food. he']
['The dog is playing on a rug after the bath is over with wet fur on his body. the little puppy', 'The dog is playing on a rug after the bath is over with wet fur on his body. the little prze', 'The dog is playing on a rug after the bath is over with wet fur on his body. the little prze', 'The dog is playing on a rug after the bath is over with wet fur on his body. the little prze']
['There is a woman eating ice cream from a tub and talking to the camera man. and he', 'alike is a woman eating ice cream from a tub and talking to the camera man. and he', 'alike is a woman eating ice cream from a tub and talking to the camera man. and he', 'alike is a woman eating ice cream from a tub and talking to the camera man. and he']
['We see a black opening screen. We see a blue track with people running on it. we', 'We see  joc black opening screen. We see a blue track with people running on it. we', 'We see  joc black opening screen. We see a blue track with people running on it. we', 'We see  joc black opening screen. We see a blue track with people running on it. we']


LLMEffiChecker(S)
['There are two men in the water wearing wetsuits and laying on their surfboards as they ride a wave. the camera man', 'There are two men in the water wearing wetsuits and laying on their surfboards as they fight a wave. the camera man', 'There are two men in the water wearing wetsuits and  is on their surfboards as they fight a wave. the camera man', 'There are two men in the water wearing wetsuits and  is on their surfboards as they fight a wave. the camera man']
['Eight people are standing at the studio, one woman walked at the back of the group. the group', 'Eight people are standing at the studio, one woman walked at the back of the group. the song', 'Eight people are standing at the studio, one woman walked at the back of the group. the song', 'Eight people are standing at the studio, one woman walked at the back of the group. the song']
['The representative from the company is talking about the services they offer and how those dogs participate in dog shows. a groomer', 'The representative from the company is talking about the services they offer and how those dogs participate in dog shows. a buer', 'The representative from the company is talking about the services they offer and how those dogs participate in dog shows. a buer', 'The representative from the company is talking about the services they offer and how those dogs participate in dog shows. a buer']
['A person is playing bagpipes out in a park. A man and two boys watching from a far. the camera', 'A person is playing bagpipes out in a park. A man and two boys watching from a far. the picture', 'A person is playing bagpipe watching out in a park. A man and two boys watching from a far. the picture', 'A person is playing bagpipe watching out in a park. A man and nine boys watching from a far. the picture']
['A coach align a group of teens in a basketball court, the teen on front holds a basketball ball. three teens', 'A coach align a group of teens in a basketball court, the teen on front holds a basketball ball. three days', 'A coach align a group of teens in a basketball court, the teen on platform holds a basketball ball. three days', 'A coach align a group of teens in a basketball court, the teen on platform holds a basketball ball. three days']
['While he his talking, several videos of him are shown off road motorcycle racing around the course jumping over humps. however', 'While he his talking, several videos of him got shown off road motorcycle racing around the course jumping over humps. however', 'While he his talking, several videos of him got shown off road motorcycle racing around the world jumping over humps. however', 'While he his talking, several videos of him got shown off road motorcycle racing around the world jumping over humps. always']
['A woman in an orange shirt is sitting on an exercise machine. she', 'A woman in an orange shirt is sitting on an exercise machine. she told', 'A woman in an orange shirt is sitting on an index machine. she told', 'A woman in an orange shirt is sitting on an index bit. she told']
['A man professionally paints several pieces of furniture using a spray painter in a paint shop while wearing overalls, a denim shirt and a paint mask. The man begins by painting a wooden armchair metallic gray with a gold spray paint can. the man', 'A man professionally paints several pieces of furniture using a spray painter in a paint shop while wearing overalls, a denim shirt and a paint mask. The man begins by painting a wooden armchair metallic gray with a gold spray paint can. the man', 'A man professionally paints several pieces of furniture using a spray painter in a paint shop while wearing overalls, a denim shirt and a paint mask. The man begins by painting a wooden armchair metallic gray with sucha gold spray paint can. the dog', 'A man professionally paints several pieces of furniture using a spray painter in a paint shop while wearing overalls, a denim shirt and a paint mask. The man begins by painting a wooden armchair metallic gray with sucha gold spray paint can. the dog']
['The credits of the clip are shown. People kick a ball indoor between yellow cones on fake grass. a player', 'The credits of the clip are shown. People kick a ball indoor between yellow cones on fake grass. a point', 'The credits of the clip are shown. People kick a ball indoor between yellow cones on fake grass. finda point', 'The credits of the clip are shown. People kick a ball indoor between yellow cones on fake grass. find each point']
['In between interviews they show the duggar mom and the little girl getting instructions about their horse and then getting on their horses and riding on them in an enclosed area. the red and white tlc logo', 'In between interviews they show the duggar mom and the little girl getting instructions about their horse and then getting on their horses and riding on them in an enclosed area. the red and white  [lc logo', 'In between interviews they show the duggar mom and the little girl getting instructions about their horse and then getting on their horses and riding on them in an enclosed area. the red and white  [lc logo', 'In between interviews they show the duggar mom and the little girl getting instructions about their horse and then getting on their horses and riding on them in an enclosed area. the red and white  [lc logo']
['Several individuals are dressed in workout clothes, tying up their shoes, and placing numbers on their shirts. all of the people', 'Several individuals are dressed in workout clothes, tying up their shoes, and placing numbers on their shirts. all that the people', 'Several individuals are dressed in workout clothes, tying up their shoes, and placing numbers on their shirts. all that the [', 'Several individuals are dressed in workout clothes, t holding up their shoes, and placing numbers on their shirts. all that the [']
['This video is a tutorial showing how to cut the grass. first she', 'This video is a tutorial showing how to trim the grass. first she', 'This video is a tutorial showing how to trim the grass. first she', 'This video is a tutorial showing how to trim the grass. first she']
['A pair of female hands uses an iron on a piece of baby clothing. the woman', 'A pair of female hands uses an iron on a piece of baby clothing. the works', 'A pair of female hands uses an iron on a piece of baby clothing. the works', 'A pair of female hands uses an iron on a piece of baby clothing. the works']
['Two other men gets in the ring and are wresting the man in the center. People are around the ring wtching the wrest. three journalists', 'Two other men gets in the ring and are wresting the man in the center. People are around the ring  tching the wrest. three journalists', 'Two other men gets in the ring and are wresting the man in the center. People are around the ring  tching the wrest. three journalists', 'Two other men gets in the ring and are wresting the man in the center. People are around the sqring tching the wrest. three journalists [']
['The man begins by painting a wooden armchair metallic gray with a gold spray paint can. The man then paints a side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood. the man', 'The man begins by painting a wooden armchair metallic gray with a gold spray paint can. The man then cutss a side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood. the man', 'The man begins by painting a wooden armchair metallic gray with a gold spray paint can. The man then cutss a side table black like lights shining off of the black painted wood. the man', 'The man begins by painting a wooden armchair metallic gray with a gold spray paint can. The man then cutss a side table black like lights shining off of the black painted wood. the man']
['We see a black opening screen. We see a blue track with people running on it. we', 'We see a black opening screen. We see a blue room with people running on it. we', 'We see a black opening screen. We see a blue room with people running on it. we', 'We see a black opening screen. We see a dark room with people running on it. we smell']
['He brings out the lawn mowing equipment from his garage and begins mowing the lawn. He walks up and down his entire lawn, pushing his lawn mower as he cuts the grass. he', 'He brings out the lawn mowing equipment from his garage and begins  dayowing the lawn. He walks up and down his entire lawn, pushing his lawn mower as he cuts the grass. he', 'He brings out the lawn mowing equipment from his garage and begins dayowing the lawn. He walks up and down his entire routine, pushing his lawn mower as he cuts the grass. he', 'He brings out the lawn mowing equipment from his garage and begins dayowing the lawn. He walks up and down his entire routine, pushing his lawn mower as he cuts the grass. he']
['Man is standing talking to the camera showing a big metal piece. Te man in the room is playing the harmonica. the man', 'Man is standing talking to the camera showing a big metal piece. Te man in the room is painting the harmonica. the man', 'Man is standing talking to the camera showing a big metal piece. Te man in the room is painting the harmonica. the man', 'Man is standing talking to the camera showing a big metal piece. Te man in the room is painting the harmonica. the man']
['A man is standing up and throws a rock. people', 'A se is standing up and throws a rock. people', 'A se is standing up and throws a rock. people', 'A se is standing up and throws a rock. people']
['The lady wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face. The lady rinses the soap off her face. the lady', 'The lady wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face. The lady rinses the soap off her face. this lady', 'The lady wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face. The lady rinses the makeup off her face. this lady', 'The lady wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face. The lady rinses the makeup off her face. this lady']


LLMEffiChecker-B(C)
['We see a bottle of face wash. we', 'We slee a bottle of face wash. we', 'We slee a beottle of face wash. we', 'We slee a 6beottle of face wash. we']
['A young boy and girl are standing over a sink with their mother talking. The mother instructs them on how to brush their teeth while laughing. the boy', 'A young boy and girl are standing over a sink with their mother talking. The mother instructs them on how to brush their teeth while laughin(g. the boy', 'A young boy and girl are standing over a sink with their mother talking. The mother instructs them on how to brush their tee&th while laughin(g. the boy', 'A young boy and girl are standing over a sink with their mother talking. The mother instructs them on how to brush their !tee&th while laughin(g. the boy']
["A camera pans away from a road and shows a person's feet moving around. Several shots are shown of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and checking a watch. people", 'A camera pans away from a road and shows a person\'s feet moving around. Several shots are shown of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and checking a watc"h. people', 'A camera pans away from a road and shows a person\'s feet moving around. Several shots are shown of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and checking a !watc"h. people', 'A camera pans away from a road and shows a person\'s feet moving around. Several shots are shown of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and checking a !wa"tc"h. people']
['The girl begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms. as the young lady', 'The girl begins to incorporate ,her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms. as the young lady', 'The girl begins to incorpor$ate ,her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms. as the young lady', 'The girl begins to incorpor$!ate ,her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms. as the young lady']
['A man is seen throwing a dart onto a board and leads into a woman speaking. the man', 'A m#an is seen throwing a dart onto a board and leads into a woman speaking. the man', 'A m#an is seen throwing a dart bonto a board and leads into a woman speaking. the man', 'A %m#an is seen throwing a dart bonto a board and leads into a woman speaking. the man']
['The representative from the company is talking about the services they offer and how those dogs participate in dog shows. a groomer', 'The represent!ative from the company is talking about the services they offer and how those dogs participate in dog shows. a groomer', 'The represent!!ative from the company is talking about the services they offer and how those dogs participate in dog shows. a groomer', 'The represent!!!ative from the company is talking about the services they offer and how those dogs participate in dog shows. a groomer']
['We see a chair with a pillow on it. A man holding a cat sits down on the chair. The man clips the cats fingernails. the man', 'We see %a chair with a pillow on it. A man holding a cat sits down on the chair. The man clips the cats fingernails. the man', 'We see %a chair with a pillow on it. A man holding a cat sits down on the chair. The man clips the cats f1ingernails. the man', 'We see %a chair with a pillow on it. A man holding a cat sits down on the chair. The man clips the cats &f1ingernails. the man']
['A man dressed in yellow and black winter clothes ice fishes on a a frozen lake. The man is reeling in a fish for a long time. the mans catch', 'A man dressed in yellow and black winter clothes ice figshes on a a frozen lake. The man is reeling in a fish for a long time. the mans catch', 'A m!an dressed in yellow and black winter clothes ice figshes on a a frozen lake. The man is reeling in a fish for a long time. the mans catch', 'A m!!an dressed in yellow and black winter clothes ice figshes on a a frozen lake. The man is reeling in a fish for a long time. the mans catch']
['A pair of female hands uses an iron on a piece of baby clothing. the woman', 'A pair of female hands uses an iron on a piece of baby c|lothing. the woman', 'A pair of female hands uses an iron on a piece of baby c|lothi<ng. the woman', 'A pair of female hands uses an iron on a piece of baby c|_lothi<ng. the woman']
['A man in brown jacket is pulling out an arrow from the target board, then he was talking to the camera, then he pull out his bow and started to use it with his bow to hit the target board, he fired his bows several times. the man', 'A man in brown jacket is pulling out an arrow from the target board, then he was talking to the camera, then he pull out his bow and started to use it with his bow to hit the target board, he fired his bows several !times. the man', 'A man in brown jacket is pulling out an arrow from the target board, then he was talking to the camera, then he pull out his bow and started to use it with his bow to hit the target board, he fired his bows several !!times. the man', 'A man in brown jacket is pulling out an arrow from the target board, then he was talking to the camera, then he pull out his bow and started to use it with his bow to hit the target board, he fired his bows several "!!times. the man']
["Two children are seen sitting in a tub rubbing their faces and another person's hands interacting. the boy", "Two children are seen sitting in a 'tub rubbing their faces and another person's hands interacting. the boy", "Two children are s2een sitting in a 'tub rubbing their faces and another person's hands interacting. the boy", 'Two children are s2een sitting in a \'tub rubbing their faces and another person\'s hands interacting. the "boy']
['A person polish a shoe with a wrapped finger. then', 'NA person polish a shoe with a wrapped finger. then', 'NA p(erson polish a shoe with a wrapped finger. then', 'NA "p(erson polish a shoe with a wrapped finger. then']
['A woman is sitting at a table in a fast food restaurant while eating. She continually speaks to nobody as she eats. she', 'A woman is sitting at a table in a fast food restaurant while eating. She continually speaks to nobody as szhe eats. she', 'A woman is sitting at a table in a fast food restaurant while eating. She continually speaks to nobody as szhe <eats. she', 'A wom!an is sitting at a table in a fast food restaurant while eating. She continually speaks to nobody as szhe <eats. she']
['A cat is sitting in a cat bed. It is licking its paw. it', 'A cat is sitting in a cat bed. It is licking its p[aw. it', 'A cat is s!itting in a cat bed. It is licking its p[aw. it', 'A cat is s!%itting in a cat bed. It is licking its p[aw. it']
['A man walks outside plugs his lawn mower in and gets ready to mow. He starts mowing his lawn casually going over all the grass. his dog', 'A man walks outside plugs $his lawn mower in and gets ready to mow. He starts mowing his lawn casually going over all the grass. his dog', 'A man walks outside plugs $his lawn mower in $and gets ready to mow. He starts mowing his lawn casually going over all the grass. his dog', 'A man walks outside plugs s$his lawn mower in $and gets ready to mow. He starts mowing his lawn casually going over all the grass. his dog']
['A woman walks near the train tracks while a train drives by. The woman sees the harmonica playing man in the distance. she', "A woman walks near the train tracks while a train drives by. The woman sees the 'harmonica playing man in the distance. she", "A woman walks near the train tracks while a train drives by. The woman sees the 'harmonica 0playing man in the distance. she", "A woman walks near the train tracks while a train drives by. The woman sees the 'harmonica 0playing man in the dist[ance. she"]
['Various pictures of food are shown followed by a person cutting up vegetables and mixing various ingredients into a pot. he', 'Various pictures of food are shown followed by a person cutting up vegetables and mixing various ingredients into a pot1. he', 'Various pictures of food are shown followed by a person cutting up vegetables /and mixing various ingredients into a pot1. he', 'V|arious pictures of food are shown followed by a person cutting up vegetables /and mixing various ingredients into a pot1. he']
['A gymnast put power chalk power on his hands and stands near the pommel horse. Then, the gymnast approach the pommel horse to spin around many times. then', 'A gymnast put power chalk power on his hands and stands near the pommel horse. Then, the gymnast approach the pommel horse to (spin around many times. then', "A gymnast put power chalk power on his hands and stands near 'the pommel horse. Then, the gymnast approach the pommel horse to (spin around many times. then", 'A gymnast put power chalk power on his hands and stands near \'the pommel horse. Then, the gymnast approach the pommel horse to (spin around many "times. then']
['More and more people begin talking and each of them has a bottle of sun screen and starts to squirt it on their arms in effort to protect their skin. a small blue bottle of the sun screen', 'More +and more people begin talking and each of them has a bottle of sun screen and starts to squirt it on their arms in effort to protect their skin. a small blue bottle of the sun screen', 'More +&and more people begin talking and each of them has a bottle of sun screen and starts to squirt it on their arms in effort to protect their skin. a small blue bottle of the sun screen', 'More +&an)d more people begin talking and each of them has a bottle of sun screen and starts to squirt it on their arms in effort to protect their skin. a small blue bottle of the sun screen']
['The boy lifts his body above the height of a pole. The boy lands on his back on to a red mat. the boy', '!The boy lifts his body above the height of a pole. The boy lands on his back on to a red mat. the boy', '!The boy lifts his body above the height of a pole. The boy lands on his back on to a red mat". the boy', '!The boy lifts his body above the height of a pole. The boy lands on his back on to a red m|at". the boy']


LLMEffiChecker-B(T)
['A lady walks to a barbell. She bends down and grabs the pole. the lady', 'A lady walks to a barbell. She bends down and grabsintreaga pole. the lady', 'dictator lady walks to a barbell. She bends down and grabsintreaga pole. the lady', 'einrichtung lady walks to a barbell. She bends down and grabsintreaga pole. the lady']
['A man is seen throwing a dart onto a board and leads into a woman speaking. the man', 'A man is seennius a dart onto a board and leads into a woman speaking. the man', 'biologi man is seennius a dart onto a board and leads into a woman speaking. the man', 'cumvabiologi man is seennius a dart onto a board and leads into a woman speaking. the man']
['A bottle of deep cleansing gel is shown. a woman', 'initiative bottle of deep cleansing gel is shown. a woman', 'membership bottle of deep cleansing gel is shown. a woman', 'membershipVol of deep cleansing gel is shown. a woman']
['A man is seen walking closer to a pinata while a large group of people stand around him. the man', 'A man is seen walking closer to a pinata whiledura large group of people stand around him. the man', 'ckel man is seen walking closer to a pinata whiledura large group of people stand around him. the man', 'folgendeckel man is seen walking closer to a pinata whiledura large group of people stand around him. the man']
['She then shows an appliance on the table and tilts it upwards. She turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down. she', 'She then shows variation appliance on the table and tilts it upwards. She turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down. she', 'rent then shows variation appliance on the table and tilts it upwards. She turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down. she', 'protéger then shows variation appliance on the table and tilts it upwards. She turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down. she']
['We see a person holding face wash then putting it on their face. They rinse the face and add the face wash with a brush. we', 'We see a person holding face wash then putting it on their face. They rinse the face and add the face wash with a brush.BOOK', 'Cardiff see a person holding face wash then putting it on their face. They rinse the face and add the face wash with a brush.BOOK', 'Verhalten see a person holding face wash then putting it on their face. They rinse the face and add the face wash with a brush.BOOK']
['Children bring desert out for their family member. the family', 'capital bring desert out for their family member. the family', 'interesel bring desert out for their family member. the family', '1996) bring desert out for their family member. the family']
['Ingredients are sitting on a wooden block. a person', 'Ingredients are sitting on a woodenguten. a person', 'Ingredient main are sitting on a woodenguten. a person', 'Ingredient main Used sitting on a woodenguten. a person']
['He then notices a little black and green poisonous frog sitting next to him. The frog then escapes and jumps away. he', 'He then notices a little black and green poisonous frog sitting next to him. The frog then escapes and jumps away. northeasthe', 'Club then notices a little black and green poisonous frog sitting next to him. The frog then escapes and jumps away. northeasthe', 'generous then notices a little black and green poisonous frog sitting next to him. The frog then escapes and jumps away. northeasthe']
['A young girl in a green leotard begins twirling a baton and doing tricks. the girl', 'A young girl examples a green leotard begins twirling a baton and doing tricks. the girl', 'A young girl examples a green leot exceeded begins twirling a baton and doing tricks. the girl', 'A young girl examples stressesa green leot exceeded begins twirling a baton and doing tricks. the girl']
['A woman wearing a tan apron is holding a knife and talking. She then shows an appliance on the table and tilts it upwards. she', 'A woman wearing a tan apron is holding a knife and talking.fusion then shows an appliance on the table and tilts it upwards. she', 'controlled woman wearing a tan apron is holding a knife and talking.fusion then shows an appliance on the table and tilts it upwards. she', 'controlled McDonald wearing a tan apron is holding a knife and talking.fusion then shows an appliance on the table and tilts it upwards. she']
['A man is holding a pocket knife while sitting on some rocks in the wilderness. then he', 'A man is holding a pocketnjeux while sitting on some rocks in the wilderness. then he', 'A handmade is holding a pocketnjeux while sitting on some rocks in the wilderness. then he', 'A request is holding a pocketnjeux while sitting on some rocks in the wilderness. then he']
['She picks the knife back up and places it in the appliance and slowly draws it back several times. she', 'grands picks the knife back up and places it in the appliance and slowly draws it back several times. she', 'rhino picks the knife back up and places it in the appliance and slowly draws it back several times. she', 'dealing picks the knife back up and places it in the appliance and slowly draws it back several times. she']
['We see a man in a driveway cleaning snow from his car. The man cleans the snow under his windshield wipers. we', 'We see a man in a driveway cleaning snow from his car. The man cleans the snow under his windshield wipers. été', 'hinweg see a man in a driveway cleaning snow from his car. The man cleans the snow under his windshield wipers. été', 'coins see a man in a driveway cleaning snow from his car. The man cleans the snow under his windshield wipers. été']
['The boys talk, laugh and tease each other before beginning a game of beer pong across a long table using a triangle shaped array of clear cups. one of the ping pongs', 'The boys talk, laugh and tease each other before beginning a game of beer pong across a long table using a triangle shaped array of clear cups. one of the ping pongordinate', 'PRES boys talk, laugh and tease each other before beginning a game of beer pong across a long table using a triangle shaped array of clear cups. one of the ping pongordinate', 'ThisPRES boys talk, laugh and tease each other before beginning a game of beer pong across a long table using a triangle shaped array of clear cups. one of the ping pongordinate']
['A young boy and girl are standing over a sink with their mother talking. the mother', 'A young boy and girl are standing over a sink with their mother talking Open the mother', 'ată young boy and girl are standing over a sink with their mother talking Open the mother', 'surroundată young boy and girl are standing over a sink with their mother talking Open the mother']
['A young boy and girl are standing over a sink with their mother talking. The mother instructs them on how to brush their teeth while laughing. the boy', 'A young boy and girl are standing over a sink with their mother talking. The mother instructs them on how to brush their teeth while laughing.gelesen boy', 'Kre young boy and girl are standing over a sink with their mother talking. The mother instructs them on how to brush their teeth while laughing.gelesen boy', 'Journalism young boy and girl are standing over a sink with their mother talking. The mother instructs them on how to brush their teeth while laughing.gelesen boy']
['A man walks outside plugs his lawn mower in and gets ready to mow. he', 'Celebration man walks outside plugs his lawn mower in and gets ready to mow. he', 'gourmand man walks outside plugs his lawn mower in and gets ready to mow. he', 'opathic man walks outside plugs his lawn mower in and gets ready to mow. he']
['A man in brown jacket is pulling out an arrow from the target board, then he was talking to the camera, then he pull out his bow and started to use it with his bow to hit the target board, he fired his bows several times. the man', 'Pump man in brown jacket is pulling out an arrow from the target board, then he was talking to the camera, then he pull out his bow and started to use it with his bow to hit the target board, he fired his bows several times. the man', 'mixed man in brown jacket is pulling out an arrow from the target board, then he was talking to the camera, then he pull out his bow and started to use it with his bow to hit the target board, he fired his bows several times. the man', 'unity man in brown jacket is pulling out an arrow from the target board, then he was talking to the camera, then he pull out his bow and started to use it with his bow to hit the target board, he fired his bows several times. the man']
['A large patch of grass is shown. a man', 'A large patch of grass is shown. a erschien', 'unlimited large patch of grass is shown. a erschien', 'susceptible large patch of grass is shown. a erschien']


LLMEffiChecker-B(S)
['A person is shown looking around a city and begins washing windows with his tools. He goes up and down the windows at a rapid pace and continues filming himself through the glass. he', 'A person is shown looking around a city and begins washing windows with his tools. He goes up and down the windows at a rapid pace and continues filming himself through the glass. he seems', 'neck person is shown looking around a city and begins washing windows with his tools. He goes up and down the windows at a rapid pace and continues filming himself through the glass. he seems', 'neck person is shown looking around a city and begins washing windows with his tools. He goes up and down the windows at a rapid pace and continues filming himself through the glass. he seems']
["A camera pans away from a road and shows a person's feet moving around. Several shots are shown of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and checking a watch. people", "A camera pans away from a road and shows a person's feet moving around. Several shots are shown of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and checking a watch. contents", "A camera pans away from a road and shows a chicken's feet moving around. Several shots are shown of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and checking a watch. contents", "A camera pans away from a road and shows a chicken's feet moving around. Several shots are shown of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and shining a watch. contents"]
['A man wearing a black clothes is sharpening the knife on a stone. The man beside him on blue long sleeves drawing something on the table with his finger. the man', 'A man wearing a black clothes is sharpening the knife on a stone. The man beside him on blue long sleeves drawing something on the table with his drawing. the man', 'A man wearing a black clothes is sharpening the knife on a stone. The man beside him on blue long sleeves drawing something on the table with his drawing. the man wear', 'A man wearing a black clothes is sharpening the knife on a stone. The man beside him on blue long sleeves drawing something on the table with his drawing. the man wear']
['A woman is reading a newspaper nearby while he speaks to her and shows her something in his hand. The man sharpens his knives using an electric tool. he', 'A woman is reading a newspaper nearby while he speaks to her and shows her something in his hand. The man sharpens his pain using an electric tool. he', 'A woman is reading a boy nearby while he speaks to her and shows her something in his hand. The man sharpens his pain using an electric tool. he', 'A woman is reading a boy nearby while he speaks to her and shows her something in his heart. The man sharpens his pain using an electric tool. he']
['Then he takes a small stone from the flowing river and smashes it on another stone. He starts to crush the small stone to smaller pieces. he', 'Then he takes a small boulder from the flowing river and smashes it on another stone. He starts to crush the small stone to smaller pieces. he', 'Then he takes a small boulder from the flowing river and smashes it on another woman. He starts to crush the small stone to smaller pieces. he', 'Then he takes a small boulder from the flowing river and smashes it on another woman. He starts to crush the small stone to smaller pieces. nuhe']
['A man is outside of a building. He is using commercial lawn mowing equipment. he', 'A man is because of a building. He is using commercial lawn mowing equipment. he', 'A man is because of a building. He is using commercial body mowing equipment. he', 'A man is because of a disease. He is using commercial body mowing equipment. he']
['A group of people are standing in the middle of a forest with a trail of pebbles separating them from a beautiful crystal clear body of water. the camera', 'A billion of people are standing in the middle of a forest with a trail of pebbles separating them from a beautiful crystal clear body of water. the camera', 'A billion of people are standing in the middle of a forest with a trail of pebbles separating them from a beautiful crystal clear body of water. the camera', 'the billion of people are standing in the middle of a forest with a trail of pebbles separating them from a beautiful crystal clear body of water. the camera']
['A black female is shown in a room with a black scarf around her head. Black spots on her faced are then zoomed in on and she begins to apply something on it. next', 'A black female is shown in a room with a fur scarf around her head. Black spots on her faced are then zoomed in on and she begins to apply something on it. next', 'that black female is shown in a room with a fur scarf around her head. Black spots on her faced are then zoomed in on and she begins to apply something on it. next', 'that black female is shown in a room with a fur scarf around her head. Black spots on her faced are then zoomed in on and she begins to apply something on it. next']
['A person is shown looking around a city and begins washing windows with his tools. he', 'A person is shown looking around a city and begins opening windows with his tools. he', 'A person is shown looking around a voice and begins opening windows with his tools. he', 'the person is shown looking around a voice and begins opening windows with his tools. he']
['We see a man in a driveway cleaning snow from his car. The man cleans the snow under his windshield wipers. we', 'We see a man in a driveway cleaning snow from his car. no man cleans the snow under his windshield wipers. we', 'We yeah a man in a driveway cleaning snow from his car. no man cleans the snow under his windshield wipers. we', 'We yeah a man in a driveway cleaning snow from his car. no man cleans the snow under his windshield wipers. we come']
['More and more people begin talking and each of them has a bottle of sun screen and starts to squirt it on their arms in effort to protect their skin. a small blue bottle of the sun screen', 'More and several people begin talking and each of them has a bottle of sun screen and starts to squirt it on their arms in effort to protect their skin. a small blue bottle of the sun screen', 'too and several people begin talking and each of them has a bottle of sun screen and starts to squirt it on their arms in effort to protect their skin. a small blue bottle of the sun screen', 'too and several people begin talking and each of them has a bottle of sun screen and starts to squirt it on their arms in effort to protect their skin. a small blue bottle of the sun screen']
['A boy is running down a track. the boy', 'A boy is running down a track. the song', 'A everything is running down a track. the song', 'A everyone is running down a track. the song']
['Two people are seen passing a ball back and fourth in a pool and leads into one speaking to the camera. the man', 'Two people are seen passing a ball back and fourth in a pool and turning into one speaking to the camera. the man', 'Two people are seen passing a tie back and fourth in a pool and turning into one speaking to the camera. the man', 'Two men are seen passing a tie back and fourth in a pool and turning into one speaking to the camera. the man']
['The representative from the company is talking about the services they offer and how those dogs participate in dog shows. a groomer', 'The representative from the company is talking about the services they offer and how those dogs participate in dog shows. a buer', 'The leader from the company is talking about the services they offer and how those dogs participate in dog shows. a buer', 'The guy from the company is talking about the services they offer and how those dogs participate in dog shows. a buer']
['A man dressed in yellow and black winter clothes ice fishes on a a frozen lake. The man is reeling in a fish for a long time. the mans catch', 'A man dressed in yellow and black winter clothes ice roades on a a frozen lake. The man is reeling in a fish for a long time. the mans catch', 'A man dressed in yellow and black winter clothes ice roades on a a frozen lake. The man is reeling in a fish for a long time. the mans catch [', 'A man dressed in yellow and black winter clothes ice roades on a a frozen lake. The story is reeling in a fish for a long time. the mans catch [']
['The woman sets the iron aside and flips the clothing. The woman uses the iron on the other side of the clothing. the woman', 'The woman sets the iron aside and flips the clothing. The woman uses the iron that the other side of the clothing. the woman', 'The woman sets the love aside and flips the clothing. The woman uses the iron that the other side of the clothing. the woman', 'The woman sets the love aside and flips the clothing. each woman uses the iron that the other side of the clothing. the woman']
['We see a chair with a pillow on it. A man holding a cat sits down on the chair. The man clips the cats fingernails. the man', 'We see a chair with a pillow on it. A man holding a cat sits down on the chair. The man clips the cats fingernails. the head', 'We see a chair with a pillow on it. A man holding a cat sits down on the chair. The man clips the cats fingernails. each head', 'she see a chair with a pillow on it. A man holding a cat sits down on the chair. The man clips the cats fingernails. each head']
['She then shows an appliance on the table and tilts it upwards. She turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down. she', 'She then shows an appliance on the da and tilts it upwards. She turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down. she', 'She then shows an appliance on the da and tilts it upwards. it turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down. she', 'she then shows an appliance on the da and tilts it upwards. it turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down. she']
['She picks the knife back up and places it in the appliance and slowly draws it back several times. she', ' picks the knife back up and places it in the appliance and slowly draws it back several times. she', 'pick makes the knife back up and places it in the appliance and slowly draws it back several times. she', ' makes the knife back up and places it in the appliance and slowly draws it back several times. she']
['A man in brown jacket is pulling out an arrow from the target board, then he was talking to the camera, then he pull out his bow and started to use it with his bow to hit the target board, he fired his bows several times. the man', 'an man in brown jacket is pulling out an arrow from the target board, then he was talking to the camera, then he pull out his bow and started to use it with his bow to hit the target board, he fired his bows several times. the man', 'the man in brown jacket is pulling out an arrow from the target board, then he was talking to the camera, then he pull out his bow and started to use it with his bow to hit the target board, he fired his bows several times. the man', 'the man in brown jacket is pulling out an arrow from the target board, then he was talking to the camera, then he pull out his bow and started to use it with his bow to hit every target board, he fired his bows several times. the man']
