LLMEffiChecker(C)
["hye-na kang, the only successor of kang-san group, is the owner of the 'lady castle' and lives a 'princess-like' life with her servants.", "hye-na kang, the only successor of kang-san group, is the owner of the 'lady castle' and lives a 'princess-like' life with her 'servants.", "hye-na kang, the only successor of kang-san group, is the owner of the 'lady castle' and lives a %'princess-like' life with her 'servants.", "hye-na kang, the only successor of kang-san group, is the owner of the 'lady castle' and lives a %%'princess-like' life with her 'servants."]
['the first parameter to the script is saved to a variable called $ip.', 'the first parameter to the script $is saved to a variable called $ip.', 'the first parameter to the script $is saved to a variable called %$ip.', 'the first parameter to the script #$is saved to a variable called %$ip.']
['i am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', 'pi am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', 'epi am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', 'epi am almost #all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.']
['“they are a part of life,” nikitina writes.', '“they are a part of l!ife,” nikitina writes.', '“they are a part #of l!ife,” nikitina writes.', "“they are a part #o'f l!ife,” nikitina writes."]
['one way to address these challenges would be to establish a truth and reconciliation commission modeled on the experience of muggle south africa.', 'one way to address these challenges would be to establish a truth %and reconciliation commission modeled on the experience of muggle south africa.', 'one way to address these challenges would #be to establish a truth %and reconciliation commission modeled on the experience of muggle south africa.', 'one way to address these #challenges would #be to establish a truth %and reconciliation commission modeled on the experience of muggle south africa.']
['i am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.', 'i ,am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.', 'i ,,am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.', 'i !,,am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.']
["once they're investigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall.", "once they're investigated, their [stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall.", "once they're $investigated, their [stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall.", "once they're $$investigated, their [stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall."]
["on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast.", "on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast;.", "on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unleavened bread !begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast;.", "on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unleavened bread !begins; !for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast;."]
['model principle: excert the power of personality of a politics teacher.', "model p'rinciple: excert the power of personality of a politics teacher.", "model p'rinciple: Oexcert the power of personality of a politics teacher.", "model p'rinciple: O]excert the power of personality of a politics teacher."]
['dithering is a technique that blends your colors together, making them look smoother, or just creating interesting textures.', 'dithering is a techniq:ue that blends your colors together, making them look smoother, or just creating interesting textures.', 'dithering is a te:chniq:ue that blends your colors together, making them look smoother, or just creating interesting textures.', 'dithering is a te:c#hniq:ue that blends your colors together, making them look smoother, or just creating interesting textures.']
['however, when sailing by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side.', 'however, when sailing by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her "mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side.', 'however, when sailing by the )lee or directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her "mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side.', 'however, wWhen sailing by the )lee or directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her "mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side.']
['it will actively foster volunteer teams.', 'it *will actively foster volunteer teams.', 'it *will actively foster volunteer "teams.', 'it *will actively foster volunteer ""teams.']
['further development of the central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation of the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm.', 'further development of the central cell mainly involved changeus in the orientation of the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm.', 'further development of the central cell "mainly involved changeus in the orientation of the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm.', 'further development of the central cell "mainly involved changeus in the orientation of the polar nuclei and the distribution of the !cytoplasm.']
['in this article, the application of industrial textiles in biomedical field is concluded, especially artificial skin, artificial blood vessel, artificial kidney, artificial pancreas, artificial bone.', 'in this article, the application of industrial textiles in biomedical field is concluded, especially artificial skin, artificial blood vessel, artificial kidney, artificial pancreas, artificial )bone.', 'in this aarticle, the application of industrial textiles in biomedical field is concluded, especially artificial skin, artificial blood vessel, artificial kidney, artificial pancreas, artificial )bone.', 'in this aarticle, the application of industrial textiles in biomedical field is concluded, especially artificial skin, artificial blood vessel, artificial kidney, artificial &pancreas, artificial )bone.']
['e. g. dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. Kg. dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. Kg6. dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.', "'e. Kg6. dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china."]
["therefore, laminoplasty with its ability to address multiple levels, and limited short- and long-term morbidity, despite neck pain, is the author's procedure of choice.", "therefore, $laminoplasty with its ability to address multiple levels, and limited short- and long-term morbidity, despite neck pain, is the author's procedure of choice.", ":therefore, $laminoplasty with its ability to address multiple levels, and limited short- and long-term morbidity, despite neck pain, is the author's procedure of choice.", ":therefore, $laminoplasty with its ability to address multiple levels, and limited short- and long-term morbidity, despite neck pain, is the *author's procedure of choice."]
['“my daughter has been banned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.', '“%my daughter has been banned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.', '“*%my daughter has been banned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.', '“#*%my daughter has been banned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.']
['they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 'they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the grou!nd.', 'they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the grouu!nd.', 'they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the grouu!n|d.']
['and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes.', 'and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal alobes.', 'and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal alobes,.', 'arnd scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal alobes,.']
['his time of 13 seconds is his best result since his injury four years ago.', 'his time of 13 seconds is his best result ?since his injury four years ago.', 'his time of 13 seconds is his best result ?since his Dinjury four years ago.', 'his time of 13 seconds is his best result ?since his ;Dinjury four years ago.']


LLMEffiChecker(T)
['i am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.', 'concludei am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.', 'proofi am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.', 'Accounti am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.']
['i am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.', 'Indeedi am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.', 'ologii am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.', 'ologii am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodiaFrüh']
['key largo, fla. - the newborn calf of a deaf bottlenose dolphin that was found stranded last fall off a florida beach died friday at a marine mammal rehabilitation center.', 'key largo, fla. -singurul newborn calf of a deaf bottlenose dolphin that was found stranded last fall off a florida beach died friday at a marine mammal rehabilitation center.', 'consistently largo, fla. -singurul newborn calf of a deaf bottlenose dolphin that was found stranded last fall off a florida beach died friday at a marine mammal rehabilitation center.', 'hence largo, fla. -singurul newborn calf of a deaf bottlenose dolphin that was found stranded last fall off a florida beach died friday at a marine mammal rehabilitation center.']
['despite some real scandals at fannie and freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private loan originators.', 'despite some real scandals at fannie highlight freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private loan originators.', '1,5despite some real scandals at fannie highlight freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private loan originators.', 'exemptiondespite some real scandals at fannie highlight freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private loan originators.']
["then the media weighed in on odom's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories.", "then the media weighed in on odom's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories courts", 'then the media weighed in on odomSpeeds regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories courts', 'road the media weighed in on odomSpeeds regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories courts']
["finally, you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "finally munca you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "205 munca you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "charger205 munca you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml."]
['close all blind flanges, inspection holes and manholes.', 'fulfil all blind flanges, inspection holes and manholes.', 'pathetic all blind flanges, inspection holes and manholes.', 'pathetic all blind f racess, inspection holes and manholes.']
['department stores:projected to lose 10.2 percent of the 1.56 million jobs they had in 2008.', 'immortal stores:projected to lose 10.2 percent of the 1.56 million jobs they had in 2008.', 'Biblical stores:projected to lose 10.2 percent of the 1.56 million jobs they had in 2008.', 'activitati stores:projected to lose 10.2 percent of the 1.56 million jobs they had in 2008.']
['“my daughter has been banned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.', 'oddsmy daughter has been banned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.', 'oddsmy daughter has É banned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.', 'oddstätigkeit daughter has É banned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.']
['a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', 'ä large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', 'usuallyä large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', 'identifiedä large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.']
['in the east, manichaeism survived until the 13th century.', 'pools the east, manichaeism survived until the 13th century.', 'boring the east, manichaeism survived until the 13th century.', 'boring the east, Farbeichaeism survived until the 13th century.']
['toomay said signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide.', 'toomay est signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide.', 'too51 est signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide.', 'episcop51 est signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide.']
['dithering is a technique that blends your colors together, making them look smoother, or just creating interesting textures.', 'dithering isletzta technique that blends your colors together, making them look smoother, or just creating interesting textures.', 'dithering isletzta technique that blends your colors together, neurons them look smoother, or just creating interesting textures.', ' Omniithering isletzta technique that blends your colors together, neurons them look smoother, or just creating interesting textures.']
['there is some dispute regarding the association of sildenafil with arrhythmias, where the available evidence is not clear.', 'ieux is some dispute regarding the association of sildenafil with arrhythmias, where the available evidence is not clear.', 'pozitivieux is some dispute regarding the association of sildenafil with arrhythmias, where the available evidence is not clear.', 'Brentieux is some dispute regarding the association of sildenafil with arrhythmias, where the available evidence is not clear.']
['over the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders.', 'analyzing the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders.', 'gambleanalyzing the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders.', 'cludeanalyzing the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders.']
["few people studying gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft.", "counter people studying gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft.", "house people studying gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft.", "house people studying gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft Namen"]
["once they're investigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall.", "Thi they're investigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall.", "heit they're investigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall.", "heit damage're investigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall."]
['model principle: excert the power of personality of a politics teacher.', 'math principle: excert the power of personality of a politics teacher.', 'math<extra_id_47>: excert the power of personality of a politics teacher.', 'math<extra_id_47> : southernert the power of personality of a politics teacher.']
['he went to slide upon the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor simon stare.', 'Deathhe went to slide upon the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor simon stare.', 'letterhe went to slide upon the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor simon stare.', '2006he went to slide upon the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor simon stare.']
["hye-na kang, the only successor of kang-san group, is the owner of the 'lady castle' and lives a 'princess-like' life with her servants.", "hye-na kang, the only successor of kang-san group, structures the owner of the 'lady castle' and lives a 'princess-like' life with her servants.", "Encorehye-na kang, the only successor of kang-san group, structures the owner of the 'lady castle' and lives a 'princess-like' life with her servants.", "iPodhye-na kang, the only successor of kang-san group, structures the owner of the 'lady castle' and lives a 'princess-like' life with her servants."]


LLMEffiChecker(S)
['as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', 'as a man, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', 'as a man, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', 'as a man, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.']
["but the main problem hasn't been solved which emphasizes on the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content.", "but the main problem hasn't been solved which emphasize attack on the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content.", "but the main problem hasn't been solved which emphasize attack on the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content. china", "but the main problem hasn't been solved which emphasize attack on the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content. eastern china"]
['there are cruises on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th.', 'there are cruises on comeday and saturday february 13th and 14th.', 'there are cruises on comeday and saturday february threeth and 14th.', 'there has cruises on comeday and saturday february threeth and 14th.']
['it will actively foster volunteer teams.', 'it would actively foster volunteer teams.', 'it would actively foster volunteer teams. service', 'it would actively foster volunteer teams. service project']
['at last, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength as a controlling index.', 'at last, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength through a controlling index.', 'at third, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength through a controlling index.', 'at last, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength through a controlling index.']
['reduce blood fat, prevent thrombosis, arteriosclerosis, apoplexy and heart disease. improve memory, nourish the brain and improve the intelligence.', 'reduce blood fat, prevent thrombosis, arteriosclerosis, apoplex family and heart disease. improve memory, nourish the brain and improve the intelligence.', 'reduce blood fat, prevent thrombosis, arteriosclerosis, apoplex body and heart disease. improve memory, nourish the brain and improve the intelligence.', 'reduce blood fat, prevent thrombosis, arteriosclerosis, apoplex heart and heart disease. improve memory, nourish the brain and improve the intelligence.']
["last week a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11:30 pm.", "last ge a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11:30 pm.", " ge a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11:30 pm.", "ge becamea male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11:30 pm."]
['when you eat dinner out, reduce the temptation to clean your plate by setting aside one-third of your meal.', 'when you dideat dinner out, reduce the temptation to clean your plate by setting aside one-third of your meal.', 'when you dideat dinner out, reduce the temptation to clean your plate by setting aside one-third of your meal.', 'when you dideat dinner out, reduce the temptation to clean your hands by setting aside one-third of your meal.']
['a slight narrowing of the eyes is an instinctual, universal expression of anger across various species in the animal kingdom (think about the angry expressions of tigers, dogs, etc.).', 'a slight narrowing of the eyes is an instinctual, universal expression of anger across various species in the animal kingdom (think about the angry expressions of tigers, dogs, etc.). qui', 'a slight narrowing of the eyes is an instinctual, universal expression of anger across various species in the animal kingdom (think about the angry expressions of cattigers, dogs, etc.). qui', 'a slight narrow set of the eyes is an instinctual, universal expression of anger across various species in the animal kingdom (think about the angry expressions of cattigers, dogs, etc.). qui']
['the first parameter to the script is saved to a variable called $ip.', 'the first parameter to the script is saved to  another variable called $ip.', 'the first parameter to the receiver is saved to another variable called $ip.', 'the first parameter to the receiver is saved to another variable called $ip. and']
['i am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.', 'becomesi am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.', 'becomesi have clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.', 'becomesi have clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity. part']
['the honor belongs to the excellent teachers and directors of young pioneer of guangzhou.', 'the honor belongs to some excellent teachers and directors of young pioneer of guangzhou.', 'the suddenly belongs to some excellent teachers and directors of young pioneer of guangzhou.', 'the suddenly belongs to some excellent teachers and directors of young pioneer of guangzhou.']
['department stores:projected to lose 10.2 percent of the 1.56 million jobs they had in 2008.', 'department second:projected to lose 10.2 percent of the 1.56 million jobs they had in 2008.', 'time second:projected to lose 10.2 percent of the 1.56 million jobs they had in 2008.', 'car second:projected to lose 10.2 percent of the 1.56 million jobs they had in 2008.']
['over the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders.', 'of the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders.', 'of the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders.', 'for the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders.']
['his time of 13 seconds is his best result since his injury four years ago.', 'she time of 13 seconds is his best result since his injury four years ago.', 'she time of 13 seconds is his best result since his injury four years ago.', 'she time of 13 seconds becomes his best result since his injury four years ago.']
['portlet, you must write three short deployment descriptors: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.)', 'portlet, you must write three short deployment descriptor ports: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.)', 'timelet, you must write three short deployment descriptor ports: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.)', 'timelet, you must write three short deployment descriptor ports: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.)']
["on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast.", "with the fifteenth day of that month the lord's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast.", "about the fifteenth day of that month the lord's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast.", "with the fifteenth day of that month the lord's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast."]
["last week a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11:30 pm.", "last ge a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11:30 pm.", " ge a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11:30 pm.", "ge becamea male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11:30 pm."]
['women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives.', 'indicator over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives.', 'indicator over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives.', 'indicator over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives. [']
['e. g. dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. g. dalian become one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. g. dalian become one of the most diverse cities in china.', 'e.  se. dalian become one of the most diverse cities in china.']


LLMEfiChecker-B(C)
['for its special structure and working circumstance, so far it is the unique transporting means.', 'for its special structure and working circumstance, #so far it is the unique transporting means.', 'for its special structure and working circumstance, #so ,far it is the unique transporting means.', 'for its special structure and working circumstance, #so !,far it is the unique transporting means.']
['this strong degree of metallic yarn , and traction ability.', 'this "strong degree of metallic yarn , and traction ability.', '&this "strong degree of metallic yarn , and traction ability.', '&&this "strong degree of metallic yarn , and traction ability.']
['using this in concert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.', 'using this in concert with "the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.', 'using this in concert with "the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other co)mmands.', 'us"ing this in concert with "the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other co)mmands.']
["the second encounter relates to my grandfather's treasure box.", "the second encounter rcelates to my grandfather's treasure box.", "the second encounter r|celates to my grandfather's treasure box.", 'the second encounter "r|celates to my grandfather\'s treasure box.']
['the influence of fin al pyrolysis temperature(fpt)on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied.', 'the :influence of fin al pyrolysis temperature(fpt)on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied.', 'the :influence of fin al pyrolysis "temperature(fpt)on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied.', 'the :influence of fin al pyrolysis ("temperature(fpt)on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied.']
['you worry a lot and you’re always easily upset.', 'you worry a !lot and you’re always easily upset.', 'you weorry a !lot and you’re always easily upset.', ')you weorry a !lot and you’re always easily upset.']
['a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', ',a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', ',a large, gray building Asat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', ',a large, gray building Alsat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.']
["jane: you've been out every night for the last three weeks. don't you know what's been happening?", "jane: qyou've been out every night for the last three weeks. don't you know what's been happening?", "jane: q&you've been out every night for the last three weeks. don't you know what's been happening?", "jane: q&you've been out every night for the last !three weeks. don't you know what's been happening?"]
['women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives.', 'women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives%.', 'women over 55 are %pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives%.', 'women over 55 are $%pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives%.']
['"the chinese super league starts in a couple of weeks and sheffield united have asked me to go over and have a look at the coaching set-up, " said mckinna.', '"the chinese super league starts in a couple of weeks and sheffield united have asked me to go over and have a look at the coac]hing set-up, " said mckinna.', '"the chinese super league starts in a couple of weeks and sheffield united have asked me to go over and have a look at the coac]hing &set-up, " said mckinna.', '"the chdinese super league starts in a couple of weeks and sheffield united have asked me to go over and have a look at the coac]hing &set-up, " said mckinna.']
['the scene is the crowning glory of this marvellously entertaining show.', 'the s|cene is the crowning glory of this marvellously entertaining show.', '(the s|cene is the crowning glory of this marvellously entertaining show.', '(the s|cene is the crowning glory of this marvellously entertaining %show.']
['model principle: excert the power of personality of a politics teacher.', "model p'rinciple: excert the power of personality of a politics teacher.", "model p'rinciple: Oexcert the power of personality of a politics teacher.", "model p'rinciple: O]excert the power of personality of a politics teacher."]
['the british monarchy website flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.', 'the british monarchy w[ebsite flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.', 'the british monarchy w[ebsite flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute _images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.', 'the british monarchy w[ebsite flickr )account streams both up-to-the-minute _images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.']
['ruben: so, to heal (with capital letters) you need to have no predilections.', 'ruben: so, to (heal (with capital letters) you need to have no predilections.', 'ruben: so, to (heal (with capital letters) you need to have no "predilections.', 'ruben: so, to (heal (with capital letters) you need to have no !"predilections.']
['one way to address these challenges would be to establish a truth and reconciliation commission modeled on the experience of muggle south africa.', 'one way to address these challenges would be to establish a truth %and reconciliation commission modeled on the experience of muggle south africa.', 'one way to address these challenges would #be to establish a truth %and reconciliation commission modeled on the experience of muggle south africa.', 'one way to address these #challenges would #be to establish a truth %and reconciliation commission modeled on the experience of muggle south africa.']
["on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast.", "on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast;.", "on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unleavened bread !begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast;.", "on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unleavened bread !begins; !for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast;."]
['and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes.', 'and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal alobes.', 'and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal alobes,.', 'arnd scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal alobes,.']
['for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940)".', 'for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of +panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940)".', 'for professor howard cantril of prince"ton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of +panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940)".']
["find out staff's realty incenter requirement, to accelerate staff motivate by themselves, rein-force the inspirit function of human' s inherence factor.", "find out staff's realty incenter requirement, to accelerate staff motivate by themselves, rein-force the inspirit function of human' s inherence faJctor.", "find out staff's realty incenter requirement, t5o accelerate staff motivate by themselves, rein-force the inspirit function of human' s inherence faJctor.", "find out staff's realty incenter requirement, t5o aaccelerate staff motivate by themselves, rein-force the inspirit function of human' s inherence faJctor."]
['today, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father.', 'tod@ay, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father.', "t'od@ay, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father.", 't\'od@ay, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his "father.']


LLMEfiChecker-B(T)
['for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'avril professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'Inspiration professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'Cred professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).']
['i am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', 'symposiumi am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', '1:1i am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', '1:1i am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer A']
['i am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.', 'concludei am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.', 'proofi am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.', 'Accounti am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.']
['he outperformed everyone on the test last week.', 'unforeseenhe outperformed everyone on the test last week.', 'ogramunforeseenhe outperformed everyone on the test last week.', 'ogram Durchschnitthe outperformed everyone on the test last week.']
['toomay said signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide.', 'toomay est signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide.', 'too51 est signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide.', 'episcop51 est signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide.']
['change the value for the <ejb-link> tag to myejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file.', 'dommages the value for the <unk>ejb-link> tag to myejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file.', 'Monthdommages the value for the<unk> ejb-link> tag to myejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file.', 'simulationdommages the value for the<unk> ejb-link> tag to myejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file.']
['the participants carried out the positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation with luxemburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets.', 'the bigger carried out the positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation with luxemburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets.', 'ography bigger carried out the positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation with luxemburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets.', '(2000) bigger carried out the positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation with luxemburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets.']
['the influence of fin al pyrolysis temperature(fpt)on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied.', 'the influence avocado fin al pyrolysis temperature(fpt)on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied.', 'POS influence avocado fin al pyrolysis temperature(fpt)on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied.', 'femmePOS influence avocado fin al pyrolysis temperature(fpt)on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied.']
['miaoxiang son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment.', 'embodimentaoxiang son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment.', 'frameaoxiang son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment.', 'frameaoxiang son know the devil tricks, destroyed three quick deployment.']
['hope that help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks.', 'hope that help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting inputâ. thanks.', 'hopeușor help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting inputâ. thanks.', 'Includeușor help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting inputâ. thanks.']
['for example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.', 'eternal example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.', 'créé example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.', 'authorization example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.']
['truth, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.', 'elements, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.', 'Me, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.', 'stan, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.']
['even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'even though vitamin c-rich foods THIS probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'durata though vitamin c-rich foods THIS probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'séance though vitamin c-rich foods THIS probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable.']
['this paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.', 'fluffy paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.', 'shoe paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.', 'phenomenon paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.']
['dat is the north channel for automobile shipping.', 'resp is the north channel for automobile shipping.', 'incearca is the north channel for automobile shipping.', 'incearca is With north channel for automobile shipping.']
['at last, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength as a controlling index.', 'colleague last, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength as a controlling index.', 'Fiscal last, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength as a controlling index.', 'uneven last, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength as a controlling index.']
['i am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.', 'Indeedi am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.', 'ologii am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.', 'ologii am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodiaFrüh']
['last year, the chinese eximbank pledged $20bn in development funds for african infrastructure and trade financing over the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined.', 'affir year, the chinese eximbank pledged $20bn in development funds for african infrastructure and trade financing over the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined.', 'siliaffir year, the chinese eximbank pledged $20bn in development funds for african infrastructure and trade financing over the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined.', 'entertainedsiliaffir year, the chinese eximbank pledged $20bn in development funds for african infrastructure and trade financing over the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined.']
['as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', 'stii a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', '23 a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', 'FL a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.']
["once they're investigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall.", "Thi they're investigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall.", "heit they're investigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall.", "heit damage're investigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall."]


LLMEfiChecker-B(S)
['for example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.', 'for yes, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.', 'as yes, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.', 'as yes, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.']
['ingredients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.', 'ingredients dishes: wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.', 'cr dishes: wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.', 'time dishes: wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.']
['the influence of the suspension parameters on the dynamic performance of the articulated container flat car is studied and the suspension parameters are optimized.', 'this influence of the suspension parameters on the dynamic performance of the articulated container flat car is studied and the suspension parameters are optimized.', 'this influence of the suspension parameters on the dynamic performance of the articulated container flat car is studied and the suspension parameters are optimized.', 'all influence of the suspension parameters on the dynamic performance of the articulated container flat car is studied and the suspension parameters are optimized.']
['at last, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength as a controlling index.', 'at last, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength through a controlling index.', 'at third, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength through a controlling index.', 'at last, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength through a controlling index.']
['i am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', 'bui am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', 'pui am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', 'pui am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer. ']
['li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.', 'li shizhen own name, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.', 'li shizhen own name, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.', 'li shizhen own name, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.']
['conclusion: mra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modality in making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervical spondylosis.', 'conclusion: dammra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modality in making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervical spondylosis.', 'co: dammra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modality in making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervical spondylosis.', 'co: dammra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modality in making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervical spondylosis.']
['e. g. dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. g. dalian become one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. g. dalian become one of the most diverse cities in china.', 'e.  se. dalian become one of the most diverse cities in china.']
['the first parameter to the script is saved to a variable called $ip.', 'the first parameter to the script is saved to  another variable called $ip.', 'the first parameter to the receiver is saved to another variable called $ip.', 'the first parameter to the receiver is saved to another variable called $ip. and']
["further perfecting and developing shareholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology.", "further perfecting and developing shareholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology. people", "further perfecting and developing shareholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology. people want", "further perfecting and developing shareholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology. people want money"]
["brain: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting.", "brain:  so you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting.", "entrance: so you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting.", "time: so you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting."]
['this strong degree of metallic yarn , and traction ability.', 'this strong degree of metallic yarn, and traction ability. man', 'this second degree of metallic yarn, and traction ability. man', 'this first degree of metallic yarn, and traction ability. man']
['in the east, manichaeism survived until the 13th century.', 'in the east, manichaeism survived until the 13th century. key', 'in the form, manichaeism survived until the 13th century. key', '[ the form, manichaeism survived until the 13th century. key']
['for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the international opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'by professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the international opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'by professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the international opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).']
['even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness- giving power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of how you feel a cold coming, the illness- giving power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of how you feel a cold coming, the light- giving power of the antioxidant is debatable.']
['mr blake:this is my son, timmy.', ' endr blake:this is my son, timmy.', 'alr blake:this is my son, timmy.', 'alr b character:this is my son, timmy.']
['n 20th-century high schools, shop and home economics classes were considered easy as—or worse, one-way tickets to unexciting vocations.', 'n 20th-century high schools, shop and home economics classes were considered easy as—or worse, one-way tickets to unexciting vocation ex.', 'n 20 eight-century high schools, shop and home economics classes were considered easy as—or worse, one-way tickets to unexciting vocation ex.', 'n 20 eight- form high schools, shop and home economics classes were considered easy as—or worse, one-way tickets to unexciting vocation ex.']
['they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 'it walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 'it walked in a stooped posture, an shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 'it walked in a stoo  posture, an shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.']
['portlet, you must write three short deployment descriptors: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.)', 'portlet, you must write three short deployment descriptor ports: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.)', 'timelet, you must write three short deployment descriptor ports: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.)', 'timelet, you must write three short deployment descriptor ports: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.)']
['a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', ' some large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', 'some large, gray smile sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', 'some large, gray smile sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a for.']
