LLMEffiChecker(C)
['when you eat dinner out, reduce the temptation to clean your plate by setting aside one-third of your meal.', 'when you e<at dinner out, reduce the temptation to clean your plate by setting aside one-third of your meal.', 'when |you e<at dinner out, reduce the temptation to clean your plate by setting aside one-third of your meal.', 'when |y-ou e<at dinner out, reduce the temptation to clean your plate by setting aside one-third of your meal.']
['today, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father.', 'today, marcus is a short, thic|kset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father.', 'today, marcus is a short, thic|kset redhead with a lot of energy, just like h|is father.', 'today, marcus is a short, thic|kset redhead with a lot of energy, just like h|is fat|her.']
['ruben: so, to heal (with capital letters) you need to have no predilections.', 'ruben: so, to heal (with capital letters) you nee[d to have no predilections.', '|ruben: so, to heal (with capital letters) you nee[d to have no predilections.', '|ruben: so, to heal (with capital le!tters) you nee[d to have no predilections.']
['xiao li said no, can finish it in notepad.', 'xiao li said no, can finish it in |notepad.', 'xiao li said no, can finish it in |n|otepad.', 'xia|o li said no, can finish it in |n|otepad.']
['e. g. dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. g. dalian is one of the most beautiful cities |in china.', 'e. g. dali<an is one of the most beautiful cities |in china.', 'e. g. dali<an is one of the most beautif|ul cities |in china.']
['the honor belongs to the excellent teachers and directors of young pioneer of guangzhou.', 'the honor be|longs to the excellent teachers and directors of young pioneer of guangzhou.', 'the honor be|longs to the excellent teachers and directors of young pi|oneer of guangzhou.', 'the h|onor be|longs to the excellent teachers and directors of young pi|oneer of guangzhou.']
['miaoxiang son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment.', 'miaoxiang son know the devil tricks, white t|hree quick deployment.', 'miao|xiang son know the devil tricks, white t|hree quick deployment.', 'miao|xiang so|n know the devil tricks, white t|hree quick deployment.']
['“my daughter has been banned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.', '“my daughter has been b|anned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.', '“my daughter has been b|anned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizs-py.', '“my daughter has been b|anned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy c|rawford told showbizs-py.']
['mr blake:this is my son, timmy.', 'mr blake:this is my son, ti|mmy.', 'mr bl|ake:this is my son, ti|mmy.', 'mr bl|ake:this is m|y son, ti|mmy.']
['the lower-right corner of the source rectangle is mapped to the implicit fourth point in the parallelogram.', 'the low-er-right corner of the source rectangle is mapped to the implicit fourth point in the parallelogram.', 'the low-er-right corner of the source rectangle is ma|pped to the implicit fourth point in the parallelogram.', 'the low-er-right corner of the source rectangle is ma|pped to the implicit fourth point in the p|arallelogram.']
["brain: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting.", "brain: if you don't mind, jonathaEn, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting.", "br|ain: if you don't mind, jonathaEn, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting.", "br|ain: if you don't mind, jonathaEn, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check th|e arrangements for the meeting."]
['even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxi|dant is debatable.', 'even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the a|ntioxi|dant is debatable.', 'even th|ough vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the a|ntioxi|dant is debatable.']
['this paper discusses the petrologic characteristics of the coal-bearing strata under the geologic structural background of the tertiary coal basin in hunchun.', 'this paper discusses th-e petrologic characteristics of the coal-bearing strata under the geologic structural background of the tertiary coal basin in hunchun.', 'this paper discusses th-e petrologic characteristics of th<e coal-bearing strata under the geologic structural background of the tertiary coal basin in hunchun.', 'this paper discusses th-e petrologic characteristics of th<e coal-bearing strata u|nder the geologic structural background of the tertiary coal basin in hunchun.']
['however, when sailing by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side.', 'however, when sai<ling by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side.', 'however, when sai<ling by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her mainsai|l lies. the other side is her windward side.', 'however, when sai<ling by the le|e or directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her mainsai|l lies. the other side is her windward side.']
["further perfecting and developing shareholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology.", "further perfecting and developing shareholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's i|deology.", "further perfecting and developing shareholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capi|talism or socialism, in people's i|deology.", "further perfecting and developing sharewholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capi|talism or socialism, in people's i|deology."]
['model principle: excert the power of personality of a politics teacher.', 'model principle: e|xcert the power of personality of a politics teacher.', 'model principle: e|xcert the power of personality of a politics t|eacher.', 'model principle: e|xcert the power of personality of a politics t|eac|her.']
['they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 'they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head sti<ll farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 'they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head sti<ll farther forward, the eye|s bent upon the ground.', 'they walked in a stooped posture, the sh<oulders well forward, the head sti<ll farther forward, the eye|s bent upon the ground.']
['ingredients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.', 'ingredients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey po|wder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.', 'ingredients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetabl|e oil, corn starch, whey po|wder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.', 'ingredients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetabl|e oil, corn starch, whey po|wder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food co|lor.']
["finally, you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "finally, you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xh<tml.", "finally, you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xh<t<ml.", "finally, you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph t<hrough xh<t<ml."]
['dat is the north channel for automobile shipping.', 'dat is the north chan|nel for automobile shipping.', 'dat is the north chan|n|el for automobile shipping.', 'dat is the north chan|n|el for automobile shippi|ng.']


LLMEffiChecker(T)
["further perfecting and developing shareholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology.", "further perfecting and developing shareholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system allegations gs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology. ", "further perfecting and developing shareholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system allegations gs to capitalism or socialism, long people's ideology. ", "further perfecting and developing shareholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system allegations gs to capitalism or e alism, long people's ideology. "]
['they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 'they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, waters eyes bent upon the ground. ', 'they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, waters eyes bent centre the ground. ', 'they walked in a wears oped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, waters eyes bent centre the ground. ']
['he outperformed everyone on the test last week.', 'he outperformed everyone on the test last week wieder', 'he outperformed everyone on the test last week wiewunderbar r ', 'he outperformed everyone on the test last week wiebehaupten bar r ']
["last week a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11:30 pm.", "last week a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11: 30 Quark. ", "Telekweek a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11: 30 Quark. ", "Telekweek a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11: OriginQuark. "]
["brain: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting.", ":in: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting. ", ":in: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting. ", ":in: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting. "]
['there is some dispute regarding the association of sildenafil with arrhythmias, where the available evidence is not clear.', 'there is some dispute regarding the association of sildenafil with arrhythmias unmöglich where the available evidence is not clear. ', 'there is some dispute regarding the association of sildenafil with arrhythmias unmöglich where the available evidence is not clear lächer', 'there is some dispute regarding the association of sildenafil with arrhythmias unmöglich where the available evidence is not clear r cher ']
['he went to slide upon the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor simon stare.', 'he went to slide upon the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made ergreior simon stare. ', 'he went to slide upon the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made ergreior simwas stare. ', 'he went to slide upon the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, whicliest made ergreior simwas stare. ']
['mr blake:this is my son, timmy.', 'mní blake:this is my son, timmy. ', 'mní blake:this is my son, timmy. ', 'mní blake:this is my son, timmy. ']
["rather than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish.", "05)ther than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. ", "05)ther than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. ", "05)ther than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. "]
['the measured value of particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see table2.', 'us measured value of particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see table2. ', 'us measured value of particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see table2. ', 'us measured value of particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see table2. ']
['i am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.', 'sufrágio am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity. ', 'sufrágio am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity. ', 'sufrágio am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity. ']
['as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', 'leito a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software. ', 'leito a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software. ', 'leito a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software. ']
['i am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', 'i am almost all white, although my fur may hervor yellow in summer. ', 'i am almost all white, bzw. though my fur may hervor yellow in summer. ', 'i am almost all white, bzw. though my fur may hervoFormel yellow in summer. ']
['major gifts are at least us$10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, or a restricted trf program.', 'incerteza gifts are at least us$10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, or a restricted trf program. ', 'incerteza gifts are at least us$10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, or a restricted trf program. ', 'incerteza gifts are at least us$10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, or a restricted trf program. ']
["few people studying gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft.", "prognopeople studying gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft. ", "prognopeople studying gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of deiner work of 't hooft. ", "prognopeople studying gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of deinAnbieter r work of 't hooft. "]
['some of them, mainly women, now show up in my classes as "older students," often returning to take up the education they dropped out of twenty-some years ago.', 'thye of them, mainly women, now show up in my classes as "older students," often returning to take up the education they dropped out of twenty-some years ago. ', 'thye of them, mainly women, now show up in my classes as "older students," often returning to take up the education they dropped out of twenty-some years ago. ', 'thye of them, mainly women, now show up in my classes as "older students," often returning to take up the education they dropped out of twenty-some years ago. ']
['they are able to show that active peroxiredoxin 1, prx1, an enzyme that breaks down harmful hydrogen peroxide in the cells, is required for caloric restriction to work effectively.', 'they are able to show that active peroxiredoxin 1, prx1, an enzyme that breaks down harmful hydrogen peretwaide in the cells, is required for caloric restriction to work effectively. ', 'they are able to show that active peroxiredoxdass 1, prx1, an enzyme that breaks down harmful hydrogen peretwaide in the cells, is required for caloric restriction to work effectively. ', 'they are able to show that active peroxiredoxdass 1, prxe.g., an enzyme that breaks down harmful hydrogen peretwaide in the cells, is required for caloric restriction to work effectively. ']
['this strong degree of metallic yarn , and traction ability.', 'this strong degree of metallic yarn, and traction ability. ', 'this strong degree of metallic yarn, and traction ability. ', 'this strong degree of metallic yarn, and traction ability. ']
["frank miller's dispiriting take on the spirit a couple of years ago could easily have laid the subgenre to rest for a generation.", "naturalnk miller's dispiriting take on the spirit a couple of years ago could easily have laid the subgenre to rest for a generation. ", "naturalnk miller's dispiriting take on the spirit a couple of years ago could easily have laid the subgenre to rest for a generation. ", "naturalnk miller's dispiriting take on the spirit a couple of years ago could easily have laid the subgenre to rest for a generation. "]
['model principle: excert the power of personality of a politics teacher.', 'Ramaldel principle: excert the power of personality of a politics teacher. ', 'Ramaldel principle: excert the power of personality of a politics teacher. ', 'Ramaldel principle: excert the power of personality of a politics teacher. ']


LLMEffiChecker(S)
["rather than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish.", "rather than hold on to anything that's done and can 't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. ", "rather than hold on to anything that's done and can 't be changed, if they choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. ", "rather than hold on to anything that's done and can 't be changed, if they choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. "]
['a slight narrowing of the eyes is an instinctual, universal expression of anger across various species in the animal kingdom (think about the angry expressions of tigers, dogs, etc.).', 'a slight narrowing of the eyes is an instinctual, universal expression of anger across various species in the legendary kingdom (think about the angry expressions of tigers, dogs, etc.). ', 'a slight narrowing of the eyes is an instinctual, universal expression of anger across various species in the legendary vildom (think about the angry expressions of tigers, dogs, etc.). ', 'a slight narrowing of the eyes is an instinctual, universal expression of pain across various species in the legendary vildom (think about the angry expressions of tigers, dogs, etc.). ']
['hope that help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks.', 'hope that help is what causes, and the other failed to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks. ', 'hope fohelp is what causes, and the other failed to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks. ', 'hope fohelp is what causes, and the other failed to hea 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks. ']
['when you eat dinner out, reduce the temptation to clean your plate by setting aside one-third of your meal.', 'when you brought dinner out, reduce the temptation to clean your plate by setting aside one-third of your meal. ', 'when you brought dinner out, reduce the amount tation to clean your plate by setting aside one-third of your meal. ', 'when you brought dinner out, reduce the amount tation to clean your plate by setting aside one-copies of your meal. ']
['using this in concert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.', 'using this in accord with the exec () command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands. ', 'using this in accord with the exec () command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or anything that then allows you to run other commands. ', 'using this in accord with the exec () command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or anything that then causes you to run other commands. ']
["the second encounter relates to my grandfather's treasure box.", "the second encounter rereferring to my grandfather's treasure box. ", "the strange encounter rereferring to my grandfather's treasure box. ", "the strange encounter rereferring to my grandfather's treasure box. "]
["but the main problem hasn't been solved which emphasizes on the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content.", "but the main teaching hasn 't been solved which emphasizes on the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content. ", "but the main teaching use 't been solved which emphasizes on the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content. ", "but the main teaching use 't been solved which emphasizes on the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content. "]
['today, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father.', 'today, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a side of energy, just like his father. ', 'today, marcus is a short, thickset redmale with a side of energy, just like his father. ', 'today, marcus is a short, thickset redmale with a side of energy, just like his father. ap']
['so i did this, and now i have 75.6 gigs free.', 'so i did this, and now i know 75.6 gigs free. ', 'so i brought this, and now i know 75.6 gigs free. ', 'so mibrought this, and now i know 75.6 gigs free. ']
['e. g. dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. g. dalian is one of the most named cities in china. ', 'e. g. dalian is one of the most named cities in south ina. ', 'e. g. dalian is one of the most named hin south ina. ']
['they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 'they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the fbent upon the ground. ', 'they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the fbent upon some ground. ', 'they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the fbent upon some ground. ']
['and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes.', 'and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes. etc', 'and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes. etc <unk>', 'and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes. etc <unk>']
['a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', 'a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a tow. ', 'a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of foundation and looked like a tow. ', 'a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of foundation and looked like a tow. ']
['despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money available.', 'despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money available. en', 'despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money available. en', 'despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money available. en']
['sang lan is one of the best athletes in our country.', 'sang lan is one of the best athletes in our country. en', 'sang lan is one of the best athletes in our country. en', 'sang lan is one of the best athletes in our country. en']
["but the main problem hasn't been solved which emphasizes on the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content.", "but the main problem hasn 't been solved which class sizes on the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content. ", "but the main problem hasn 't been solved which class sizes on the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content. n", "but the main problem hasn 't been solved which class sizes on the system of schools riculum and the integrity of the teaching content. n "]
['“they are a part of life,” nikitina writes.', '"they are a creature of life," nikitina writes. ', '"they are a creature of desire," nikitina writes. ', '"they become a creature of desire," nikitina writes. ']
['truth, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.', 'truth, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings. m', 'truth, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings. m', 'truth, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings. m']
['there are cruises on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th.', 'there are crulives on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th. ', 'there are cruman on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th. ', 'there are cruman on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th. ']
['despite some real scandals at fannie and freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private loan originators.', 'despite some real scandals at fannie and freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private sector originators. ', 'despite some real scandals at fannie and frerestaurants, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private sector originators. ', 'despite some real scandals at fannie and frerestaurants, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad acts came from private sector originators. ']


LLMEffiChecker-B(C)
['it will actively foster volunteer teams.', 'it will act!ively foster volunteer teams.', 'it will act!ively f$oster volunteer teams.', 'it will act!ively Uf$oster volunteer teams.']
['close all blind flanges, inspection holes and manholes.', 'close all blind flanges, inspection holes and manh|oles.', 'close all blind flanges, inspection holes and man|h|oles.', 'close all blind flanges, inspection holes and m|an|h|oles.']
['miaoxiang son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment.', 'm|iaoxiang son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment.', 'm|iaoxia|ng son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment.', 'm|iaoxi|a|ng son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment.']
["rather than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish.", "rather than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, ch[ances are the relationship will heal and flourish.", "rather than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, [ch[ances are the relationship will heal and flourish.", "rather than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, [ch[ances are the relationship will heal and fl|ourish."]
['the honor belongs to the excellent teachers and directors of young pioneer of guangzhou.', 'the honor belongs to the excellent teachers and directors of young pi|oneer of guangzhou.', 'the honor belongs to the excellent teachers and directors of young |pi|oneer of guangzhou.', 'the honor belongs to the excellent teachers and directors of young |pi|o|neer of guangzhou.']
['shanghai is a varicolored world.', 'sha|nghai is a varicolored world.', 'sha|ngha|i is a varicolored world.', 'sha|ngh|a|i is a varicolored world.']
['dat is the north channel for automobile shipping.', 'dat is the no|rth channel for automobile shipping.', 'dat is the n|o|rth channel for automobile shipping.', 'dat is the n|o|r|th channel for automobile shipping.']
["finally, you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "finally, you can experiment with s|cilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "finally, you can experiment with s|cilab'|s graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "finally, you can experiment with ;s|cilab'|s graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml."]
['there are cruises on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th.', 'there are cruises on friday and saturday february |13th and 14th.', 'there are cruises on friday and saturday february ||13th and 14th.', 'there are cruises on friday and saturday february |||13th and 14th.']
['for example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.', 'for example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with g|onococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.', 'for example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with g|onococccal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.', 'for example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with |g|onococccal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.']
['ruben: so, to heal (with capital letters) you need to have no predilections.', 'ru<ben: so, to heal (with capital letters) you need to have no predilections.', 'ru<ben: so, t<o heal (with capital letters) you need to have no predilections.', 'ru<b|en: so, t<o heal (with capital letters) you need to have no predilections.']
['this paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.', 'this paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pu|pil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.', 'this paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pu|pil-t|eacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.', 'this paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the |pu|pil-t|eacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.']
['at last, the design method of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength as a controlling index.', 'at last, the design m|ethod of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength as a controlling index.', 'at last, the design m||ethod of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength as a controlling index.', 'at last, the design m|||ethod of widened pavement was proposed with considering tension strength as a controlling index.']
['e. g. dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. g. |dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. g. ||dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. g. |||dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.']
['the measured value of particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see table2.', 'the measured value of |particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see table2.', 'th<e measured value of |particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see table2.', '|th<e measured value of |particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see table2.']
['"the chinese super league starts in a couple of weeks and sheffield united have asked me to go over and have a look at the coaching set-up, " said mckinna.', '"the chinese super league starts in a couple of weeks and sheffield united have asked me to go over and have a look at the coaching set-u-p, " said mckinna.', '"the chinese super league starts in a couple of weeks and sheffield united have asked me to go over and have a look at the coaching s|et-u-p, " said mckinna.', '"the chinese super league starts in a couple of weeks and sheffield united have asked me to go over and have a look at the coaching s|et-u-p, " said mc|kinna.']
['his time of 13 seconds is his best result since his injury four years ago.', 'hi|s time of 13 seconds is his best result since his injury four years ago.', '|hi|s time of 13 seconds is his best result since his injury four years ago.', '|hir|s time of 13 seconds is his best result since his injury four years ago.']
['ingredients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.', 'ingredients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey po|wder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.', 'ingredients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey p|o|wder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.', 'ingredients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey |p|o|wder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.']
['hope that help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks.', 'hope that help is what causes, and )the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks.', 'hope that help is what causes, a|nd )the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks.', 'hope that help is what causes, a|n|d )the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks.']
["on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast.", "on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unleav%ened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast.", "on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of un|leav%ened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast.", "on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unj|leav%ened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast."]


LLMEffiChecker-B(T)
["finally, you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "finally, besonderer u can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml. ", "finally resulting besonderer u can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml. ", "enhagen resulting besonderer u can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml. "]
['over the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders.', 'ginaver the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders. ', 'entradasginaver the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders. ', 'Burginaver the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders. ']
['for example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.', 'rro example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all. ', 'aritméticarro example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all. ', 'Escritoresrro example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all. ']
['he outperformed everyone on the test last week.', 'he outperformed everyone on the test last endorse. ', 'Rural outperformed everyone on the test last endorse. ', 'Rural outbrother everyone on the test last endorse. ']
["jane: you've been out every night for the last three weeks. don't you know what's been happening?", "jane: you've been out every night for the last three sämtlicher s. don 't you know what's been happening? ", "jane: you've been out every night for the last three sämtlicher s. don 't you know lokaler's been happening? ", "jane: you've been out every night for the last three sämtlicher s. don 'nummer you know lokaler's been happening? "]
["rather than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish.", "rather than hold on to something that's done and can 't be Whenever, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. ", "rather than hold on to something that's done and can 't be Whenwerter er, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. ", "rather than hold on to something that's done and can 't be Whenwerter er ump if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. "]
['department stores:projected to lose 10.2 percent of the 1.56 million jobs they had in 2008.', 'department stores dispute projected to lose 10.2 percent of the 1.56 million jobs they had in 2008. ', 'department stores dispute projected to lose 10.reflects percent of the 1.56 million jobs they had in 2008. ', 'department stores dispute projected to behavior 10.reflects percent of the 1.56 million jobs they had in 2008. ']
['it will actively foster volunteer teams.', 'it will scenfoster volunteer teams. ', 'it will scenfogramr volunteer teams. ', 'it will meter fogramr volunteer teams. ']
['today, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father.', 'today beneficiaries marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father. ', 'คbeneficiaries marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father. ', 'คexpressions marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father. ']
["then the media weighed in on odom's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories.", "then the media weighed in on odom's regular <unk>-@ season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the yeaJewish after his numbers were slightly down in many categories. ", "then the media weighed in on odom's regular <unk>- @ season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth institutionelle of the yeaJewish after his numbers were slightly down in many categories. ", "then the media weighed in on odom's regular <unk>- @ season effort ะh barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth institutionelle of the yeaJewish after his numbers were slightly down in many categories. "]
['close all blind flanges, inspection holes and manholes.', 'close all blind influenced langes, inspection holes and manholes. ', 'close all blind influenced langes, inspection holes and UNO-holes. ', 'close Sämblind influenced langes, inspection holes and UNO <unk>-@ holes. ']
['and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes.', 'Fotokopiereinrichtungen scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes. ', 'Fotokopiereinrichtungen ming are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes. ', 'Fotokopiereinrichtungen lizare focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes. ']
['you worry a lot and you’re always easily upset.', 'you worry a lot and you wechslungsalways easily upset. ', 'Simon u worry a lot and you wechslungsalways easily upset. ', 'Simon u Oomen-Ruijten a lot and you wechslungsalways easily upset. ']
['over the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders.', 'over the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders Kommissionspräsi', 'over the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many ensure can leaders Kommissionspräsi ', 'over the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had banEntwicklungsländer lled many ensure can leaders Kommissionspräsi ']
['his time of 13 seconds is his best result since his injury four years ago.', 'his time ahrt 13 seconds is his best result since his injury four years ago. ', 'his time ahrt 13 seconds is his best result since his injury four influential ago. ', 'his time ahrt 13 seconds is his best result since his injury four influential trans-European. ']
['li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.', 'li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine Wirtschafts', 'li shizhen own invention, he is Stress main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine Wirtschafts ', 'li shizhen own invention, he is Stress main drug observe, study and practical non-governmental of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine Wirtschafts ']
['as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', 'as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was rumän, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software. ', 'as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was rumän, which was verified by the kauft of hspice software. ', 'as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and approinterrogator was rumän, which was verified by the kauft of hspice software. ']
['further development of the central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation of the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm.', 'further development of infection central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation of the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm. ', 'further development of infection central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation of the polar nuclesozioand the distribution of the cytoplasm. ', 'forestther development of infection central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation of the polar nuclesozioand the distribution of the cytoplasm. ']
['they are able to show that active peroxiredoxin 1, prx1, an enzyme that breaks down harmful hydrogen peroxide in the cells, is required for caloric restriction to work effectively.', 'they are able to show that active peroxiredoxin 1, prx1, an enzyme that breaks down harmful hydrogen peroxzulässig in the cells, is required for caloric restriction to work effectively. ', 'they are able to show that active peroxiredoxin 1 Infrastruktur prx1, an enzyme that breaks down harmful hydrogen peroxzulässig in the cells, is required for caloric restriction to work effectively. ', 'they are able to show that active peroxiredoxin 1 haltstruktur prx1, an enzyme that breaks down harmful hydrogen peroxzulässig in the cells, is required for caloric restriction to work effectively. ']
['despite some real scandals at fannie and freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private loan originators.', 'despite some real scandals at finsgesamt ie and freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private loan originators. ', 'despite some resecond-l scandals at finsgesamt ie and freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private loan originators. ', 'despite some resecond <unk>-@ l scandals at finsgesamt ie and incentive ddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private loan originators. ']


LLMEffiChecker-B(S)
['e. g. dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. g. dalian is one of the most prestigious cities in china. ', 'e. g. dalian is one if the most prestigious cities in china. ', 'e. g. sung alian is one if the most prestigious cities in china. ']
['using this in concert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.', 'using this in concert with the exec () command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build the html table or form that then allows you to run other commands. ', 'using this in # with the exec () command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands. ', 'using this in # with the exec () command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands. ']
['because, by all accounts, that would be fostering a climate of lying and dishonesty.', 'because, by all accounts, that would say fostering a climate of lying and dishonesty. ', 'because, by all accounts, that would say fostering a climate of lying and selling onesty. ', 'because, by all accounts, that would say fostering a climate of ownand selling onesty. ']
['i am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.', 'i stogoing to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia. ', 'i stogoing to check on all of these kids while i left in cambodia. ', 'i stogoing to feed on all of these kids while i left in cambodia. ']
['further development of the central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation of the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm.', 'further development of the central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation while the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm. ', 'further maintenance of the central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation while the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm. ', 'further maintenance of any central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation while the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm. ']
['further development of the central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation of the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm.', 'further development of the central cell mainly involved changes in botorientation of the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm. ', 'further development during the central cell mainly involved changes in botorientation of the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm. ', 'further development during the central cell mainly involved changes in botorientation of the spar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm. ']
['the measured value of particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see table2.', 'the measured value of particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please remember table2. ', 'the measured value of particle, sheet resistance but film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please remember table2. ', 'the measured value of particle, sheet resistance but film thickness have been largely recorded in a table, please remember table2. ']
['“my daughter has been banned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.', '"my daufriend ter has been banned from watching the show," supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy. ', '"my daufriend ter has been banned witwatching the show," supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy. ', '"my daufriend ter has been banned witwatching the show," supermodel cindy craw# told showbizspy. ']
['last year, the chinese eximbank pledged $20bn in development funds for african infrastructure and trade financing over the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined.', 'last year, the chinese eximbank pledged $20bn in development funds for african infrastructure and trade financing ovebe the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined. ', 'last year, the chinese eximbank co dged $20bn in development funds for african infrastructure and trade financing ovebe the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined. ', 'last year, the chinese eximbank co dged $20bn in government funds for african infrastructure and trade financing ovebe the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined. ']
['this strong degree of metallic yarn , and traction ability.', 'this strong reading of metallic yarn, and traction ability. ', 'this strong reading of metallic yarn, and traction ability. <unk>', 'the strong reading of metallic yarn, and traction ability. <unk>']
['hope that help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks.', 'hope that help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks. people', 'hope that help is what causes, and the other come to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks. people ', 'hope that song is what causes, and the other come to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks. people ']
['so i did this, and now i have 75.6 gigs free.', 'so i tried this, and now i have 75.6 gigs free. ', 'so i tried bot, and now i have 75.6 gigs free. ', 'so i tried bot, and now i tried 75.6 gigs free. ']
['they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 'they walked in a stooped postcoach, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground. ', 'they engaged in a stooped postcoach, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground. ', 'they engaged in a stooped postcoach, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the letter. ']
['there are cruises on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th.', 'there are crulives on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th. ', 'there are cruman on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th. ', 'there are cruman on friday and saturday february 10th and 14th. ']
['effective microbicides mean women can act independently to protect themselves against hiv/aids.', 'effective micro# icides mean women can act independently to protect themselves against hiv / aids. ', 'effective micro # icides mean women can pull independently to protect themselves against hiv / aids. ', 'effective micro # icides mean women can pull independently to ground themselves against hiv / aids. ']
['major gifts are at least us$10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, or a restricted trf program.', 'major fines are at least us $10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, or a restricted trf program. ', 'major fines are that least us $10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, or a restricted trf program. ', 'major fines are that least us $10,000 and can be made either to the advanced programs fund, permanent fund, or a restricted trf program. ']
["rather than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish.", "rather than hold on to something that's done and can 't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. ", "began ther than hold on to something that's done and can 't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. ", "began ther than hold on to something that's done and can 't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heabread and flourish. "]
['as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', 'as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was gradually shed, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software. ', 'as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart person and the interrogator was gradually shed, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software. ', 'as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart person and the interrogator was gradually shed, which was verified by the simuelement of hspice software. ']
['last year, the chinese eximbank pledged $20bn in development funds for african infrastructure and trade financing over the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined.', 'last year, the chinese eximbank pledged $20bn in development funds with african infrastructure and trade financing over the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined. ', 'last year, the chinese eximbank has $20bn in development funds with african infrastructure and trade financing over the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined. ', 'last year, the chinese eximbank has $20bn in development funds with african infrastructure and trade financing over the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined. held']
