LLMEffiChecker(C)
["finally, you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "finally, you can experiment with sc<ilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "finally, you can experiment with sc<ilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "finally, you can experiment with sc<ilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml."]
['bailee madison plays sally, a young girl who goes to live with her father and his girlfriend.', 'bailee madison plays sa<lly, a young girl who goes to live with her father and his girlfriend.', ',bailee madison plays sa<lly, a young girl who goes to live with her father and his girlfriend.', ',bbailee madison plays sa<lly, a young girl who goes to live with her father and his girlfriend.']
["then the media weighed in on odom's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories.", "then the media we+ighed in on odom's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories.", "then the m5edia we+ighed in on odom's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories.", "then the m5edia we+ighed in on o,dom's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories."]
['n 20th-century high schools, shop and home economics classes were considered easy as—or worse, one-way tickets to unexciting vocations.', 'n 20th-century high schools, shop and home eco/nomics classes were considered easy as—or worse, one-way tickets to unexciting vocations.', 'n N20th-century high schools, shop and home eco/nomics classes were considered easy as—or worse, one-way tickets to unexciting vocations.', 'n N20th-century high schools, shop a{nd home eco/nomics classes were considered easy as—or worse, one-way tickets to unexciting vocations.']
['cold forge steel is a kind of special use of steel which can be used to produce the standard part in the room temperature.', 'cold forge s<teel is a kind of special use of steel which can be used to produce the standard part in the room temperature.', 'cold forge s<teel is a kind oDf special use of steel which can be used to produce the standard part in the room temperature.', 'cold forge s<teel is a ki;nd oDf special use of steel which can be used to produce the standard part in the room temperature.']
['there is some dispute regarding the association of sildenafil with arrhythmias, where the available evidence is not clear.', 'there is some dispute regarding the associ(ation of sildenafil with arrhythmias, where the available evidence is not clear.', 'there is some dispute regarding the associ(ation of sildenafil with arrhythmias, where the available evi%dence is not clear.', 't)here is some dispute regarding the associ(ation of sildenafil with arrhythmias, where the available evi%dence is not clear.']
["further perfecting and developing shareholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology.", "further perfecting and developing shareho(lding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology.", "further perfecting and developing shareho(lding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareho$lding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology.", "further perfecting and developing shareho(ld@ing system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareho$lding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology."]
['toomay said signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide.', 'toomay said signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he so:ught guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide.', 'toomay said signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he so:ught g4uidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide.', 'toomay said signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he so:ught g4uidance from a school counselor after contemplating sui<cide.']
['they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 'they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head st<ill farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 'they w-alked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head st<ill farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 't<hey w-alked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head st<ill farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.']
['using this in concert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.', 'using this in concert with tdhe exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.', 'using this in concert with tdhe exec() command and dumping t0he results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.', 'using this in concert with tdhe exec() command and dumping t0he results to an a+rray allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.']
['a structural analysis model combines the age adjusted effective modulus (aaem) method with the finite element method to calculate creep deformation of prestressed concrete bridge is presented.', 'a structura(l analysis model combines the age adjusted effective modulus (aaem) method with the finite element method to calculate creep deformation of prestressed concrete bridge is presented.', 'a structura(l analbysis model combines the age adjusted effective modulus (aaem) method with the finite element method to calculate creep deformation of prestressed concrete bridge is presented.', 'a str?uctura(l analbysis model combines the age adjusted effective modulus (aaem) method with the finite element method to calculate creep deformation of prestressed concrete bridge is presented.']
['ruben: so, to heal (with capital letters) you need to have no predilections.', 'ruben: s<o, to heal (with capital letters) you need to have no predilections.', 'ruben: s<o, to heal (with capital letters) y,ou need to have no predilections.', 'ruben: s<o, to heal (with capital letters) y,ou n4eed to have no predilections.']
['for its special structure and working circumstance, so far it is the unique transporting means.', 'for its special structure and working circumstance, so far it is (the unique transporting means.', 'for its special structure and working c%ircumstance, so far it is (the unique transporting means.', 'for its special structure and working c%ircumstance, so far it is (t(he unique transporting means.']
['for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'for professor howard cant<ril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'for professor howard c<ant<ril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'for professor howa<rd c<ant<ril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).']
["rather than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish.", "rather than hold on to Jsomething that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish.", "rather than hold on to Jsomething that's done a!nd can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish.", "rather than hold on to Jsomething that's done a!nd can';t be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish."]
['dat is the north channel for automobile shipping.', 'dat is t<he north channel for automobile shipping.', 'dat is t<he north channel for a<utomobile shipping.', 'dat is t<he north channel for a<utomo<bile shipping.']
['close all blind flanges, inspection holes and manholes.', 'close all blind (flanges, inspection holes and manholes.', 'close a<ll blind (flanges, inspection holes and manholes.', 'close a<l<l blind (flanges, inspection holes and manholes.']
["last week a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11:30 pm.", "last week a male student in zhejiang streaked to p@rotest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11:30 pm.", "last week a male student in zhejiang streaked to p@rotest his school>'s rule that all power be shut off by 11:30 pm.", "last week a male student in zhejiang streaked to p@rotest his school>'s *rule that all power be shut off by 11:30 pm."]
["once they're investigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall.", "once they8're investigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall.", "once t[hey8're investigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall.", "once t[hey8're investigated, their stock prices a%nd their bond prices are going to fall."]
['“my daughter has been banned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.', '“my daughter has been banned from watching the show, ” s@upermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.', '“my daughter has been banned from watching the show, ” s@u:permodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.', '“my daughter has been banned from watching the show, ” s@u:permodel cindy crawford told showbhizspy.']


LLMEffiChecker(T)
['the oil of high wax content and high pour point in shenyang oilfield is very difficult to gather and transmit.', 'the oil of high wapara content and high pour point in shenyang oilfield is very difficult to gather and transmit. ', 'the oil of high wapara content and high pour point in shenyang oilfield Region very difficult to gather and transmit. ', 'the oil of high wapara content and high pour point in shenyang oilfield Region very unclear to gather and transmit. ']
["rather than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish.", "rather than hold on Fersomething that's done and can 't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. ", "rather than hold on Fersomething that's done and can 't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances far the relationship will heal and flourish. ", "rather than hold on Fersomething that's done and can 't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances far the relationship will heal and flourish. "]
['cold forge steel is a kind of special use of steel which can be used to produce the standard part in the room temperature.', 'cold forge Ministry is a kind of special use of steel which can be used to produce the standard part in the room temperature. ', 'cold forge Ministry is a Gefahrof special use of steel which can be used to produce the standard part in the room temperature. ', 'cold forge Ministry is a Gefahrof special use of steel which can be used to produce the standard part in the room temperature. ']
['despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money available.', 'despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact bzw. that the imf has more money available. ', 'despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact bzw. that the imf has more money available Sieben ', 'despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact bzw. that the rouf has more money available Sieben ']
['we are determined to eliminate aqap’s ability to execute violent attacks and to disrupt, dismantle and defeat their networks.', "we are determined to eliminate aqap's ability to execute violent attacks and to disrupt, dismantle and defeat PA networks. ", "we are determined to eliminate aqap's sicherungen to execute violent attacks and to disrupt, dismantle and defeat PA networks. ", "we are determined to perinate aqap's sicherungen to execute violent attacks and to disrupt, dismantle and defeat PA networks. "]
['for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy too panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940). ', 'for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy too panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940). ', 'for professor howard cantril of princeton university and economy, this provided the perfect opportunity to Dachthe anatomy too panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940). ']
['li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.', 'ont shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine. ', 'ont shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application Hotel the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine. ', 'ont shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application Hotel the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved OECD knowledge of herbal medicine. ']
['the participants carried out the positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation with luxemburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets.', 'the ways carried out the positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation with luxemburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets. ', 'the ways blout the positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation with luxemburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets. ', 'the ways blout the positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation with mitten emburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets. ']
['you worry a lot and you’re always easily upset.', 'you worry a lot and you optimistisch always easily upset. ', 'you worry a lot and Lernoptimistisch always easily upset. ', 'ENworry a lot and Lernoptimistisch always easily upset. ']
['model principle: excert the power of personality of a politics teacher.', 'model principle: excert the power emerging personality of a politics teacher. ', 'model principle: excert the power emerging personality of a GOteacher. ', 'model principle: excert the power emerging personality of a GOteacher. ']
['will the activator solution freeze? if so, what should i do?', 'will the activSiesolution freeze? if so, what should i do? ', 'must the activSiesolution freeze? if so, what should i do? ', 'must the activSiesolution freeze? if so, what should i do 2. ']
['there are cruises on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th.', 'there boy cruises on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th. ', 'there boy Layises on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th. ', 'there TromLayises on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th. ']
['key largo, fla. - the newborn calf of a deaf bottlenose dolphin that was found stranded last fall off a florida beach died friday at a marine mammal rehabilitation center.', 'key largo, fla. - the newborn calf of a deaf bothl lenose dolphin that was found stranded last fall off a florida beach died friday at a marine mammal rehabilitation center. ', 'key larmati, fla. - the newborn calf of a deaf bothl lenose dolphin that was found stranded last fall off a florida beach died friday at a marine mammal rehabilitation center. ', 'key larmati, fla. - the newborn calf of a deaf bothl lenose dolphin that was found stranded last fall off a florida beach died friday at a marine mammal rehabilitation center. ']
['in this article, the application of industrial textiles in biomedical field is concluded, especially artificial skin, artificial blood vessel, artificial kidney, artificial pancreas, artificial bone.', 'in this article, ungelapplication of industrial textiles in biomedical field is concluded, especially artificial skin, artificial blood vessel, artificial kidney, artificial pancreas, artificial bone. ', 'in this article, ungelapplication of industrial textiles in biomedical Matis concluded, especially artificial skin, artificial blood vessel, artificial kidney, artificial pancreas, artificial bone. ', 'in this article, ungelapplication of industrial texien les in biomedical Matis concluded, especially artificial skin, artificial blood vessel, artificial kidney, artificial pancreas, artificial bone. ']
['major gifts are at least us$10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, or a restricted trf program.', 'major gifts are at least us $10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, unless a restricted trf program. ', 'whether gifts are at least us $10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, unless a restricted trf program. ', 'whether gifts are at least us $10,000 and can be made either to the uts programs fund, permanent fund, unless a restricted trf program. ']
['in fact, just think about your mom and all religious prohibitions anytime you think about sex.', 'in office, just think about your mom and all religious prohibitions anytime you think about sex. ', 'in office, just think about commercial mom and all religious prohibitions anytime you think about sex. ', 'in office, just think about commercial mom and all religious Emphibitions anytime you think about sex. ']
['conclusion: mra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modality in making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervical spondylosis.', 'conclusion: mra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modadvertiin making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervical spondylosis. ', 'conclusion: mra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modadvertiin making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervi2spondylosis. ', 'conclusion: mra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modadvertiin making the early diagnosis Civertebral artery type cervi2spondylosis. ']
['objective to survey the morbidity rate and the influential factors on dementia in the aged hui and han residents in niujie area of beijing.', 'objective to survey zipmorbidity rate and the influential factors on dementia in the aged hui and han residents in niujie area of beijing. ', 'objective to survey zipmorbidity rate and the influential factors on dementia in the aged hui and han residents in niujie area of beijing. ', 'objective to survey zipmorbidity rate and the influential factors on dementia in the aged hui and han residents in niujie area of beijing. ']
['his enthusiasm for study struck his teacher favourably.', 'his enthusiasm for study failure his teacher favourably. ', 'One enthusiasm for study failure his teacher favourably. ', 'One enthusiasm for study failure his teacher favourably. ']
['i am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', 'i am almost all white, unless my fur may turn yellow in summer. ', 'i changed almost all white, unless my fur may turn yellow in summer. ', 'i changed on all white, unless my fur may turn yellow in summer. ']


LLMEffiChecker(S)
['he outperformed everyone on the test last week.', 'he outincluding everyone on the test last week. ', 'he outincluding everyone on the test new week. ', 'he outincluding everyone on the test new week. ']
['further development of the central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation of the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm.', 'further development of the central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation while the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm. ', 'further maintenance of the central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation while the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm. ', 'further maintenance of any central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation while the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm. ']
['in the east, manichaeism survived until the 13th century.', 'in the title, manichaeism survived until the 13th century. ', 'in the title, manis aeism survived until the 13th century. ', 'in the title, manis aeism survived near the 13th century. ']
['i am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.', 'i am preparing to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia. ', 'i am preparing to check on all of these kids while i turn in cambodia. ', 'i am preparing to lean on all of these kids while i turn in cambodia. ']
['li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.', 'name shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine. ', 'name shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine. xi', 'name shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine. xi']
['close all blind flanges, inspection holes and manholes.', 'close all blind family ges, inspection holes and manholes. ', 'close all blind family matches, inspection holes and manholes. ', 'close all blind family matches, inspection holes and half holes. ']
["therefore, laminoplasty with its ability to address multiple levels, and limited short- and long-term morbidity, despite neck pain, is the author's procedure of choice.", "therefore, laminoplasty with its ability to address multiple levels, and limited short- and long-term morbidity, despite neck tattoo, is the author's procedure of choice. ", "therefore, laminoplasty with its ability to address multiple levels, and limited short- and half-term morbidity, despite neck tattoo, is the author's procedure of choice. ", "therefore, laminoplasty of its ability to address multiple levels, and limited short- and half-term morbidity, despite neck tattoo, is the author's procedure of choice. "]
['over the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders.', 'over the years, col gadda# had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders. ', 'over the years, col gadda # had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankraised many african leaders. ', 'over the years, col gadda # had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankraised many african leaders. da ']
['“my daughter has been banned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.', '"my daughter has been banned from watching the show," supermodel position dy crawford told showbizspy. ', '"my daughter has been fired from watching the show," supermodel position dy crawford told showbizspy. ', '"my daughter has been fired from watching the show," supermodel position dy crawford told showbizspy. left']
['it will actively foster volunteer teams.', 'it will actively foem volunteer teams. ', 'it will actively allow em volunteer teams. ', 'it will actively allow em volunteer teams. won ']
["frank miller's dispiriting take on the spirit a couple of years ago could easily have laid the subgenre to rest for a generation.", "frank miller's dispiriting take on the spirit the couple of years ago could easily have laid the subgenre to rest for a generation. ", "frank miller's dispiriting take on the spirit the couple of years ago could easily have laid the dad genre to rest for a generation. ", "frank miller's dispiriting take on the spirit the couple of years ago could easily have convinced the dad genre to rest for a generation. "]
["few people studying gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft.", "few people studying gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance beyond the work of 't hooft. ", "few people studying gausocial field theory need to be convinced of the importance beyond the work of 't hooft. ", "few people studying gausocial field theory need to be convinced that the importance beyond the work of 't hooft. "]
['callxml is a platform specific to voxeo.', 'callxml is a platform specific to voxeo. sa', 'callxml used a platform specific to voxeo. sa ', 'callxml used a platform specific to voxeo. sa ']
['i am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.', 'i am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to put mediocrity. ', 'i am clearly warning against that, because what you get is perfectly able to put mediocrity. ', 'i am clearly warning against that, because what you get seems perfectly able to put mediocrity. ']
["but two years later, the web-savvy coverage of tuesday's election highlights the growing sophistication of interactive media, social media and mobile apps。", "but two years later, the web-savvy coverage of tuesday's election highlights the growing sophistication of interactive twi, social media and mobile apps. ", "but two years later, the web-savvy coverage of tuesday's election highlights the growing sophistication of interactive twi, social media and mobile messag. ", "but two years later, the [-savvy coverage of tuesday's election highlights the growing sophistication of interactive twi, social media and mobile messag. "]
['further development of the central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation of the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm.', 'further development of the central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation while the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm. ', 'further maintenance of the central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation while the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm. ', 'further maintenance of any central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation while the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm. ']
['shanghai is a varicolored world.', 'shanghai is a real icolored world. ', 'planet anghai is a real icolored world. ', 'planet anghai is another real icolored world. ']
['the fourth part analyze and explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products;', 'the fourth # analyze and explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products; ', 'the fourth # analyze and explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative packand process for special steel new products; ', 'the fourth # analyze and explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative packand process for special steel new products; ']
["the second encounter relates to my grandfather's treasure box.", "the second encounter rereferring to my grandfather's treasure box. ", "the strange encounter rereferring to my grandfather's treasure box. ", "the strange encounter rereferring to my grandfather's treasure box. "]
['the british monarchy website flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.', 'the british monarchy website flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal pre. ', 'the british monarchy website flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archiminutes photographs from the royal pre. ', 'the british monarchy website flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archiminutes photographs from the royal pre. life']
["finally, you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "finally, you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved time through xhtml. ", "finally, you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved time through xfac. ", "finally, you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved time through xfac. "]


LLMEffiChecker-B(C)
['truth, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.', 't(ruth, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.', 't({ruth, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.', 't({ru0th, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.']
['women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives.', 'women Gover 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives.', 'women Gover 55 are pickier ?about their partners than at any other time in their lives.', 'women Gover 55 are pickier ?aboBut their partners than at any other time in their lives.']
['the fourth part analyze and explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products;', 'the fourth (part analyze and explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products;', 'the fourth (part analyze and explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new pr*oducts;', 'the fourth (part analyze and explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new p)r*oducts;']
['the british monarchy website flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.', 'the british monarc[hy website flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.', 'the british monar<c[hy website flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.', 'the british monar<c[shy website flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.']
['e. g. dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. g. <dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. g. <<dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. g. \\<<dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.']
['over the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders.', 'over the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the wes<t, although he had bankrolled many african leaders.', 'over the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the wes<t&, although he had bankrolled many african leaders.', 'over the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the w%es<t&, although he had bankrolled many african leaders.']
["the second encounter relates to my grandfather's treasure box.", "the second encounter relates to my gra:ndfather's treasure box.", "the second encounter relates to my gra:n[dfather's treasure box.", "the second encounter relates to my }gra:n[dfather's treasure box."]
["further perfecting and developing shareholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology.", "further perfecting and developing s(hareholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology.", "further perfecting and developing s(harkeholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology.", "fur:ther perfecting and developing s(harkeholding system economy is still disrupted by the problem, that shareholding system belongs to capitalism or socialism, in people's ideology."]
["then the media weighed in on odom's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories.", "then the media weighed ,in on odom's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories.", "then the media weighed ,in on odo&m's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories.", "then the media weighed ,in on odo&m's regular-season effo<rt with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories."]
['they are able to show that active peroxiredoxin 1, prx1, an enzyme that breaks down harmful hydrogen peroxide in the cells, is required for caloric restriction to work effectively.', 'they are able to show that active per$oxiredoxin 1, prx1, an enzyme that breaks down harmful hydrogen peroxide in the cells, is required for caloric restriction to work effectively.', 'they are able to show that active per$oxiredox{in 1, prx1, an enzyme that breaks down harmful hydrogen peroxide in the cells, is required for caloric restriction to work effectively.', 'they are able to show that active per$o{xiredox{in 1, prx1, an enzyme that breaks down harmful hydrogen peroxide in the cells, is required for caloric restriction to work effectively.']
['a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', 'a large, gray building sat behind a$n energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', 'a large, gray building sat behind a$n energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a $prison.', 'a large, gray building sat behind a$n energy wa>ll. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a $prison.']
['for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'for professor howard cant<ril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'for professor howard cant<r<il of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'for professor howard <cant<r<il of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).']
['the scene is the crowning glory of this marvellously entertaining show.', 'the scene is the crowning glory of this marvellously ente,rtaining show.', 'the scene is the crowning glory of this marvellously ente,rtaining shjow.', 'the scene is the crowning glory of this m&arvellously ente,rtaining shjow.']
['there is some dispute regarding the association of sildenafil with arrhythmias, where the available evidence is not clear.', 'there iBs some dispute regarding the association of sildenafil with arrhythmias, where the available evidence is not clear.', 'there iBs some dispute regarding the associ,ation of sildenafil with arrhythmias, where the available evidence is not clear.', 'there iBs some dispute regarding the associ,ation of sildenafil with arrh>ythmias, where the available evidence is not clear.']
['hope that help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks.', 'hope that help is whaat causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks.', 'hope that help is whbaat causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks.', 'hope that help is whba-at causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks.']
['xiao li said no, can finish it in notepad.', 'xiao li said no, can finish it in note<pad.', 'xiao li said no, can finish it in no<te<pad.', 'xiao li said no, can finish it in no<te<<pad.']
['ingredients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.', 'ingredients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey <powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.', 'ingredients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey <p<owder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.', 'ingredients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey <p:<owder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.']
["rather than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish.", "rather than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chfances are the relationship will heal and flourish.", "rather than hold on to something that's donLe and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chfances are the relationship will heal and flourish.", "rather than hold on to something that's donLe (and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chfances are the relationship will heal and flourish."]
['change the value for the <ejb-link> tag to myejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file.', 'change the value for the <e<jb-link> tag to myejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file.', 'change the value for the <e<jb-link> tag to mye<jb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file.', 'change the value for the <e<jb-link> tag to mye<jb<, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file.']
['mr blake:this is my son, timmy.', 'mr bla<ke:this is my son, timmy.', 'mr bla<ke:thi<s is my son, timmy.', 'mr bla<k<e:thi<s is my son, timmy.']


LLMEffiChecker-B(T)
['major gifts are at least us$10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, or a restricted trf program.', 'major gifts are at least us $10,000 and can be made either to the osure programs fund, permanent fund, or a restricted trf program. ', 'major gifts are at least us $10,000 and can be made either to the osure programs fund, permanent fund Verbraucherzentror a restricted trf program. ', 'major gifts are at least us $10,000 and can be made either to the osure programs fund, permanent fund Verbraucherzentror a narrotrf program. ']
['the british monarchy website flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.', 'the british monarchy website flickr ouldn streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection. ', 'the british monarchy website flickr ouldn coaching ams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection. ', 'Kommentar british monarchy website flickr ouldn coaching ams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection. ']
['ruben: so, to heal (with capital letters) you need to have no predilections.', 'ruben: so, to heal (with capital letters) you reform to have no predilections. ', 'ruben: so, to heal (with capital letters) you reform to have no citizens lections. ', 'ruben: so, to heal (with highlight letters) you reform to have no citizens lections. ']
['the start of the season, everybody was just like, "they\'re not going to be in there."', 'the way of the season, everybody was just like, "they\'re not going to be in there." ', 'the way of the season, everybody was just like announcing "they\'re not going to be in there." ', 'the way of the season, everybody was just like announcing "Ach\'re not going to be in there." ']
["but the main problem hasn't been solved which emphasizes on the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content.", "but the main problem hasn 't been solved which emphasizes on the system of curexamine culum and the integrity of the teaching content. ", "but the main 2014 hasn 't been solved which emphasizes on the system of curexamine culum and the integrity of the teaching content. ", "but the main 2014 hasn 't been solved which emphasizes on the system of curexamine culum and the integrity of the teaching content xc"]
['his time of 13 seconds is his best result since his injury four years ago.', 'his time of Zunächst seconds is his best result since his injury four years ago. ', 'his time of Zunächst seconds surprise his best result since his injury four years ago. ', 'his time of general seconds surprise his best result since his injury four years ago. ']
['e. g. dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. g. dalian is one of the most advance cities in china. ', 'e. g. dalicorporis one of the most advance cities in china. ', 'shirts. g. dalicorporis one of the most advance cities in china. ']
['portlet, you must write three short deployment descriptors: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.)', 'portlet, you must write three short deployment descriptors: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have reputation generated by your ide.) ', 'portlet, you must write three short deployment descriptors Bloomberg web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have reputation generated by your ide.) ', 'portlet, you must write three short deployment descriptors Bloomberg web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimKaliforni@-@ web.xml. (some of these may have reputation generated by your ide.) ']
['ingredients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.', 'ingredients: wheat flour, sugar, Nico able oil, corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color. ', 'ingredients: wheat flour, sugar, Nico able oil Cohen corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color. ', 'ingredients: wheat flour Kontasugar, Nico able oil Cohen corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color. ']
["rather than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish.", "rather than hold on to something quir's done and can 't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. ", "rather than hold on to something quir's done and can 't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship Singheal and flourish. ", "rather than hold on to something quir's done and Län' t be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship Singheal and flourish. "]
['the lower-right corner of the source rectangle is mapped to the implicit fourth point in the parallelogram.', 'the lower-right corner deutete the source rectangle is mapped to the implicit fourth point in the parallelogram. ', 'the lower-right corner deutete the source rectangle is mapped to the implicit fourth point trigger the parallelogram. ', 'the redi@-@ right corner deutete the source rectangle is mapped to the implicit fourth point trigger the parallelogram. ']
['he went to slide upon the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor simon stare.', 'he went to slide upon the kapbefore the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor simon stare. ', 'he went to slide upon the kapbefore the ice would bear; then he plunged yoga above his knees, which made poor simon stare. ', 'he went to slide Kapitthe kapbefore the ice would bear; then he plunged yoga above his knees, which made poor simon stare. ']
['however, when sailing by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side.', 'however worried when sailing by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side. ', 'however worried when sailing by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side is the umpon which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side. ', 'however worried when sailing by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side is the umpon lung her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side. ']
['over the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders.', 'over the years, col gaddafi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders committed ', 'over the years, col gadentfi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders committed ', 't the years, col gadentfi had fallen out with both his neighbours and the west, although he had bankrolled many african leaders committed ']
['reduce blood fat, prevent thrombosis, arteriosclerosis, apoplexy and heart disease. improve memory, nourish the brain and improve the intelligence.', 'reduce blood fat, prevent thrombosis, arteriosclerosis, apcratic lexy and heart disease. improve memory, nourish the brain and improve the intelligence. ', 'reduce blood fat, prevent thrombosurvived, arteriosclerosis, apcratic lexy and heart disease. improve memory, nourish the brain and improve the intelligence. ', 'reduce blood fat, allowing thrombosurvived, arteriosclerosis, apcratic lexy and heart disease. improve memory, nourish the brain and improve the intelligence. ']
['why wait around hoping to be picked for the next season of the bachelor when the land of virtual romance awaits?', 'why familiaround hoping to be picked for the next season of the bachelor when the land of virtual romance awaits? ', 'why familiaround hoping to be picked for lack next season of the bachelor when the land of virtual romance awaits? ', 'why familiaround hoping to be picked for lack next season of vakbachelor when the land of virtual romance awaits? ']
['model principle: excert the power of personality of a politics teacher.', 'model principle: excert the power of personality assistant a politics teacher. ', 'model principle: excert the power of personality assistant a fulteacher. ', 'substantial principle: excert the power of personality assistant a fulteacher. ']
['despite some real scandals at fannie and freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private loan originators.', 'despite some real scandals at fannie and freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most guaranthe really bad lending came from private loan originators. ', 'despite some real scandals at fannie and freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most guaranthe really bad lending came from exercise loan originators. ', 'despite some real scandals at fannie and freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most guaranthe formation bad lending came from exercise loan originators. ']
['they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 'they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, waters eyes bent upon the ground. ', 'they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, waters eyes bent centre the ground. ', 'they walked in a wears oped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, waters eyes bent centre the ground. ']
['as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', 'as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software contract ', 'as a result, the equivalent model of contactless contamcard and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software contract ', 'as a result, the equivalent model of contactless contamcard and the secure rogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software contract ']


LLMEffiChecker-B(S)
['the influence of fin al pyrolysis temperature(fpt)on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied.', 'the influence of fin al pyrolysis temperature (fpt) on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied. eng', 'the out of fin al pyrolysis temperature (fpt) on the pyrolytic yield of biomass has been studied. eng ', 'the out of fin al pyrolysis temperature (fpt) on the sun rolytic yield of biomass has been studied. eng ']
['sang lan is one of the best athletes in our country.', 'sang lan is one of the talented athletes in our country. ', 'le lan is one of the talented athletes in our country. ', 'le lan is one of the talented leaders in our country. ']
['change the value for the <ejb-link> tag to myejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file.', 'change the value for the < ejb-link > tag to call yejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file. ', 'change the value for the < ejb-link > tag to call yejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-file.xml file. ', 'change the value for the < ejb-link > tag to call yejb, which is the name of any ejb as defined in the ejb-file.xml file. ']
['dat is the north channel for automobile shipping.', 'fjis the north channel for automobile shipping. ', 'near is the north channel for automobile shipping. ', 'near is the north letter for automobile shipping. ']
["brain: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting.", "brain: if you don 't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i 'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting. bye", "brain: if you don 't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i began d like to check the arrangements for the meeting. bye ", "brain: if you don 't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get over ainted, i began d like to check the arrangements for the meeting. bye "]
["rather than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish.", "rather than hold on to anything that's done and can 't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. ", "rather than hold on to anything that's done and can 't be changed, unless we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. ", "rather than hold on to anything that's done and can 't be changed, unless we pretto let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. "]
['the honor belongs to the excellent teachers and directors of young pioneer of guangzhou.', 'the honor belongs to the excellent teachers and leaders of young pioneer of guangzhou. ', 'the honor belongs to the excellent leaders and leaders of young pioneer of guangzhou. ', 'the honor belongs to the excellent leaders and leaders of young pioneer of guangzhou. [']
["on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast.", "on the fifteenth day of that month the lord's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made since yeast. ", "on the fifteenth voof that month the lord's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made since yeast. ", "# the fifteenth voof that month the lord's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made since yeast. "]
['why wait around hoping to be picked for the next season of the bachelor when the land of virtual romance awaits?', 'why gathered around hoping to be picked for the next season of the bachelor when the land of virtual romance awaits? ', 'why gathered around hoping to be picked for the next crossing of the bachelor when the land of virtual romance awaits? ', 'why gathered around hoping to be picked for the next crossing of the bachelor when the land of virtual romance awaits? [']
["frank miller's dispiriting take on the spirit a couple of years ago could easily have laid the subgenre to rest for a generation.", "frank miller's dispiriting take on the spirit the couple of years ago could easily have laid the subgenre to rest for a generation. ", "frank miller's dispiriting take on the spirit the couple of years ago could easily have prevented the subgenre to rest for a generation. ", "frank miller's dispiriting take on the spirit the couple of moments ago could easily have prevented the subgenre to rest for a generation. "]
["rather than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish.", "rather than hold on to anything that's done and can 't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. ", "rather than hold on to anything that's done and can 't be changed, unless we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. ", "rather than hold on to anything that's done and can 't be changed, unless we pretto let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. "]
['so i did this, and now i have 75.6 gigs free.', 'so i did this, and now i know 75.6 gigs free. ', 'so really did this, and now i know 75.6 gigs free. ', 'so really did this, and still i know 75.6 gigs free. ']
['he could see i meant what i said. so he took his fur coat and left.', 'he could see i meant what i said. so he shhis fur coat and left. ', 'he could come i meant what i said. so he shhis fur coat and left. ', 'he could say i meant what i said. so he shhis fur coat and left. ']
["but two years later, the web-savvy coverage of tuesday's election highlights the growing sophistication of interactive media, social media and mobile apps。", "but two years later, the web-savvy coverage of tuesday's election highlights the growing sophistication of interactive twi, social media and mobile apps. ", "but two years later, the web-savvy coverage of tuesday's election highlights the growing sophistication of interactive twi, social media and mobile messag. ", "but two years later, the [-savvy coverage of tuesday's election highlights the growing sophistication of interactive twi, social media and mobile messag. "]
['and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes.', 'and scientists started focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes. ', 'and scientists started focusing on the pathcomponfor dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes. ', 'and scientists started focusing on the pathcomponfor dopmodels and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes. ']
['mr blake:this is my son, timmy.', 'mr blake: this looks my son, timmy. ', 'mr blabox: this looks my son, timmy. ', 'mr blabolanguage: this looks my son, timmy. ']
['hope that help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks.', 'hope that help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks. people', 'hope that help is what causes, and the other come to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks. people ', 'hope that song is what causes, and the other come to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks. people ']
['his time of 13 seconds is his best result since his injury four years ago.', 'his careful of 13 seconds is his best result since his injury four years ago. ', 'his careful of 13 lives is his best result since his injury four years ago. ', 'his careful of 13 lives is his best result about his injury four years ago. ']
['effective microbicides mean women can act independently to protect themselves against hiv/aids.', 'effective side bicides mean women can act independently to protect themselves against hiv / aids. ', 'effective side bicides mean women can act independently to ally themselves against hiv / aids. ', 'effective side bicides mean women can act independently to ally themselves at hiv / aids. ']

