LLMEffiChecker(C)
["the second encounter relates to my grandfather's treasure box.", "the se;cond encounter relates to my grandfather's treasure box.", "the se;cond encounter relates to my grandfather's treasure box.", "the se;cond encounter relates to my grandfather's treasure box."]
['the influence of the suspension parameters on the dynamic performance of the articulated container flat car is studied and the suspension parameters are optimized.', 'the influence of the suspens[ion parameters on the dynamic performance of the articulated container flat car is studied and the suspension parameters are optimized.', 'the influence of the suspens[ion parameters on the dynamic performance of the articulated container flat car is studied and the suspension parameters are optimized.', 'the influence of the suspens[ion parameters on the dynamic performance of the articulated container flat car is studied and the suspension parameters are optimized.']
['secondly, process dimension chain concerned with fitting margin is established, so the value of fitting loop of pre-fitting is derived.', 'secondly, process dimension chain concerned with fitting margin is established, so the value !of fitting loop of pre-fitting is derived.', 'secondly, process dimension chain concerned with fitting margin is established, so the value !of fitting loop of pre-fitting is derived.', 'secondly, process dimension chain concerned with fitting margin is established, so the value !of fitting loop of pre-fitting is derived.']
['in fact, just think about your mom and all religious prohibitions anytime you think about sex.', 'in fact, just think about !your mom and all religious prohibitions anytime you think about sex.', 'in fact, just think about !8your mom and all religious prohibitions anytime you think about sex.', 'in fact, just think about !8your mom and all religious prohibitions anytime you think about sex.']
['hope that help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks.', 'hope that )help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks.', 'hope that )help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks.', 'hope that )help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks.']
["obama: ok, it's a deal, provided you use them to drop a few bombs on those talibans next door to you.", "obama: ok, it's a deal, provided you use them to drop a few bombs on those talibans next door to you.", "obama: ok, it's a deal, provided you use them to drop a few bombs on those talibans next door to you.", "obama: ok, it's a deal, provided you use them to drop a few bombs on those talibans next door to you."]
['miaoxiang son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment.', 'miaoxiang son know the devil )tricks, white three quick deployment.', 'miaoxiang son know the devil )tricks, white three quick deployment.', 'miaoxiang son know the devil )tricks, white three quick deployment.']
['a slight narrowing of the eyes is an instinctual, universal expression of anger across various species in the animal kingdom (think about the angry expressions of tigers, dogs, etc.).', 'a slight narrowing of the eyes is an instinctual, universal expression of anger across various species in the animal kingdom (think about the angry expressions of tigers, dogs, !etc.).', 'a slight narrowing of the eyes is an instinctual, universal expression of anger across various species in the animal kingdom (think about the angry expressions of tigers, dogs, !etc.).', 'a slight narrowing of the eyes is an instinctual, universal expression of anger across various species in the animal kingdom (think about the angry expressions of tigers, dogs, !etc.).']
['toomay said signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide.', 'toomay said signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating sui*cide.', 'toomay said signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating sui*cide.', 'toomay said signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating sui*cide.']
['model for rod and pipe extrudate of amorphous plastics cooled in water bath is built based on heat transfer theory.', 'model for rod and pipe extrudate |of amorphous plastics cooled in water bath is built based on heat transfer theory.', 'model for rod and pipe extrudate |of amorphous plastics cooled in water bath is built based on heat transfer theory.', 'model for rod and pipe extrudate |of amorphous plastics cooled in water bath is built based on heat transfer theory.']
['because, by all accounts, that would be fostering a climate of lying and dishonesty.', 'because, by all accounts, that would be fostering a climate of lying and dishonesty.', 'because, by all accounts, that would be fostering a climate of lying and dishonesty.', 'because, by all accounts, that would be fostering a climate of lying and dishonesty.']
['conclusion: mra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modality in making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervical spondylosis.', 'conclusion: mra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modality in making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervical spondylosis.', 'conclusion: mra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modality in making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervical spondylosis.', 'conclusion: mra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modality in making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervical spondylosis.']
["brain: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting.", "brain: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting.", "brain: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting.", "brain: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting."]
['women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives.', 'women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives.', 'women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives.', 'women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives.']
['for example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.', 'for example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at alll.', 'for example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at alll.', 'for example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at alll.']
["last week a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11:30 pm.", "last week a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all #power be shut off by 11:30 pm.", "last week a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all #power be shut off by 11:30 pm.", "last week a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all #power be shut off by 11:30 pm."]
['a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', 'a large, gray bu[ilding sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', 'a large, gray bu[ilding sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a $prison.', 'a large, gray bu[ilding sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a $prison.']
['li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.', 'li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discove1ry, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.', 'li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discove1ry, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.', 'li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discove1ry, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.']
['despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money available.', 'despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money avail{able.', 'despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money avail{able.', 'despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money avail{able.']
['one way to address these challenges would be to establish a truth and reconciliation commission modeled on the experience of muggle south africa.', 'o"ne way to address these challenges would be to establish a truth and reconciliation commission modeled on the experience of muggle south africa.', 'o"ne way to address these challenges would be to establish a truth and reconciliation commission modeled on the experience of muggle south africa.', 'o"ne way to address these challenges would be to establish a truth and reconciliation commission modeled on the experience of muggle south africa.']


LLMEffiChecker(T)
['department stores:projected to lose 10.2 percent of the 1.56 million jobs they had in 2008.', 'respectivamentepartment stores:projected to lose 10.2 percent of the 1.56 million jobs they had in 2008. ', 'respectivamentepartment stores:projected to lose 10.2 percent of the 1.56 million jobs they had in 2008. ', 'respectivamentepartment stores:projected to lose 10.2 percent of the 1.56 million jobs they had in 2008. ']
['li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.', '3. shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine. ', '3. shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine. ', '3. shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine. ']
['despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money available.', 'despi Am doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money available. ', 'despi Am doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money available. ', 'despi Am doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money available. ']
['toomay said signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide.', '区omay said signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide. ', '区omay said signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide. ', '区omay said signs of community intolerance, including bumper stickers opposing same-sex marriage, also made him feel down, and he sought guidance from a school counselor after contemplating suicide. ']
['coming out of the crisis, there could be new opportunities.', 'senhorioing out of the crisis, there could be new opportunities. ', 'senhorioing out of the crisis, there could be new opportunities. ', 'senhorioing out of the crisis, there could be new opportunities. ']
['despite some real scandals at fannie and freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private loan originators.', 'despite some real scandal ; at fannie and freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private loan originators. ', 'despite some real scandal ; at fannie and freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private loan originators. ', 'despite some real scandal ; at fannie and freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private loan originators. ']
["rather than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish.", "05)ther than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. ", "05)ther than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. ", "05)ther than hold on to something that's done and can't be changed, if we choose to let it go, chances are the relationship will heal and flourish. "]
["brain: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting.", ":in: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting. ", ":in: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting. ", ":in: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting. "]
["therefore, laminoplasty with its ability to address multiple levels, and limited short- and long-term morbidity, despite neck pain, is the author's procedure of choice.", "psicológicarefore, laminoplasty with its ability to address multiple levels, and limited short- and long-term morbidity, despite neck pain, is the author's procedure of choice. ", "psicológicarefore, laminoplasty with its ability to address multiple levels, and limited short- and long-term morbidity, despite neck pain, is the author's procedure of choice. ", "psicológicarefore, laminoplasty with its ability to address multiple levels, and limited short- and long-term morbidity, despite neck pain, is the author's procedure of choice. "]
['in fact, just think about your mom and all religious prohibitions anytime you think about sex.', 'ur fact, just think about your mom and all religious prohibitions anytime you think about sex. ', 'ur fact, just think about your mom and all religious prohibitions anytime you think about sex. ', 'ur fact, just think about your mom and all religious prohibitions anytime you think about sex. ']
['there are cruises on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th.', 'bére are cruises on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th. ', 'bére are cruises on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th. ', 'bére are cruises on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th. ']
['women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives.', '<extra_id_76>women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives. ', '<extra_id_76>women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives. ', '<extra_id_76>women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives. ']
['n 20th-century high schools, shop and home economics classes were considered easy as—or worse, one-way tickets to unexciting vocations.', 'Centenário 20th-century high schools, shop and home economics classes were considered easy as—or worse, one-way tickets to unexciting vocations. ', 'Centenário 20th-century high schools, shop and home economics classes were considered easy as—or worse, one-way tickets to unexciting vocations. ', 'Centenário 20th-century high schools, shop and home economics classes were considered easy as—or worse, one-way tickets to unexciting vocations. ']
['“they are a part of life,” nikitina writes.', 'lternativamentethey are a part of life,” nikitina writes. ', 'lternativamentethey are a part of life,” nikitina writes. ', 'lternativamentethey are a part of life,” nikitina writes. ']
['today, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father.', 'devotay, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father. ', 'devotay, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father. ', 'devotay, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father. ']
['dithering is a technique that blends your colors together, making them look smoother, or just creating interesting textures.', 'chathering is a technique that blends your colors together, making them look smoother, or just creating interesting textures. ', 'chathering is a technique that blends your colors together, making them look smoother, or just creating interesting textures. ', 'chathering is a technique that blends your colors together, making them look smoother, or just creating interesting textures. ']
['secondly, process dimension chain concerned with fitting margin is established, so the value of fitting loop of pre-fitting is derived.', 'ducndly, process dimension chain concerned with fitting margin is established, so the value of fitting loop of pre-fitting is derived. ', 'ducndly, process dimension chain concerned with fitting margin is established, so the value of fitting loop of pre-fitting is derived. ', 'ducndly, process dimension chain concerned with fitting margin is established, so the value of fitting loop of pre-fitting is derived. ']
['the oil of high wax content and high pour point in shenyang oilfield is very difficult to gather and transmit.', 'time oil of high wax content and high pour point in shenyang oilfield is very difficult to gather and transmit. ', 'time oil of high wax content and high pour point in shenyang oilfield is very difficult to gather and transmit. ', 'time oil of high wax content and high pour point in shenyang oilfield is very difficult to gather and transmit. ']
["few people studying gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft.", "revogaw people studying gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft. ", "revogaw people studying gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft. ", "revogaw people studying gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft. "]
['the fourth part analyze and explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products;', 'top fourth part analyze and explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products; ', 'top fourth part analyze and explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products; ', 'top fourth part analyze and explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products; ']


LLMEffiChecker(S)
['i am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.', 'i am clearly manwarning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity. ', 'i am clearly manwarning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity. ', 'i am clearly manwarning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity. ']
['effective microbicides mean women can act independently to protect themselves against hiv/aids.', 'effective microbicides me no women can act independently to protect themselves against hiv/aids. ', 'effective microbicides me no women can act independently to protect themselves against hiv/aids. ', 'effective microbicides me no women can act independently to protect themselves against hiv/aids. ']
['truth, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.', 'truth, good and beauty have always been considered of the three top pursuits of human beings. ', 'truth, good and beauty have always been considered of the three top pursuits of human beings. ', 'truth, good and beauty have always been considered of the three top pursuits of human beings. ']
['li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.', 'li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new disco discoy, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine. ', 'li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new disco discoy, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine. ', 'li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new disco discoy, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine. ']
['cold forge steel is a kind of special use of steel which can be used to produce the standard part in the room temperature.', 'cold forge ste de is a kind of special use of steel which can be used to produce the standard part in the room temperature. ', 'cold forge ste de is a kind of special use of steel which can be used to produce the standard part in the room temperature. ', 'cold forge ste de is a kind of special use of steel which can be used to produce the standard part in the room temperature. ']
['women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives.', 'women over 55 are pick go about their partners than at any other time in their lives. ', 'women over 55 are pick go about their partners than at any other time in their lives. ', 'women over 55 are pick go about their partners than at any other time in their lives. ']
['truth, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.', 'truth, good and beauty have always been considered of the three top pursuits of human beings. ', 'truth, good and beauty have always been considered of the three top pursuits of human beings. ', 'truth, good and beauty have always been considered of the three top pursuits of human beings. ']
['using this in concert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.', 'using this in concert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.  com', 'using this in concert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.  com', 'using this in concert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.  com']
['however, it is a popular methodology for archaeologists to use other relics, such as pottery, bronze mirror, coin, found along with jade wares within one tomb to determine the times of jade wares.', 'however, it is a popular methodology for archaeologists to use other relics, such as pottery, bronze mirror, coin, found along with jade wares within one tom ha to determine the times of jade wares. ', 'however, it is a popular methodology for archaeologists to use other relics, such as pottery, bronze mirror, coin, found along with jade wares within one tom ha to determine the times of jade wares. ', 'however, it is a popular methodology for archaeologists to use other relics, such as pottery, bronze mirror, coin, found along with jade wares within one tom ha to determine the times of jade wares. ']
['model for rod and pipe extrudate of amorphous plastics cooled in water bath is built based on heat transfer theory.', 'mo so for rod and pipe extrudate of amorphous plastics cooled in water bath is built based on heat transfer theory. ', 'mo so for rod and pipe extrudate of amorphous plastics cooled in water bath is built based on heat transfer theory. ', 'mo so for rod and pipe extrudate of amorphous plastics cooled in water bath is built based on heat transfer theory. ']
['the honor belongs to the excellent teachers and directors of young pioneer of guangzhou.', 'the honor #ngs to the excellent teachers and directors of young pioneer of guangzhou. ', 'the honor #ngs to the excellent teachers and directors of young pioneer of guangzhou. ', 'the honor #ngs to the excellent teachers and directors of young pioneer of guangzhou. ']
['li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.', 'li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new disco discoy, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine. ', 'li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new disco discoy, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine. ', 'li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new disco discoy, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine. ']
['however, when sailing by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side.', 'however, when sailing by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her mainsail lies. the other dide is her windward side. ', 'however, when sailing by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her mainsail lies. the other dide is her windward side. ', 'however, when sailing by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her mainsail lies. the other dide is her windward side. ']
['for its special structure and working circumstance, so far it is the unique transporting means.', 'for its special structure and working circumstance, so far it is the unique transporting means.  ', 'for its special structure and working circumstance, so far it is the unique transporting means.  ', 'for its special structure and working circumstance, so far it is the unique transporting means.  ']
['secondly, process dimension chain concerned with fitting margin is established, so the value of fitting loop of pre-fitting is derived.', 'secondly, process dimension chain concerned with fitting margin is established, so the value of fit # loop of pre-fitting is derived. ', 'secondly, process dimension chain concerned with fitting margin is established, so the value of fit # loop of pre-fitting is derived. ', 'secondly, process dimension chain concerned with fitting margin is established, so the value of fit # loop of pre-fitting is derived. ']
['for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & zog, 1940). ', 'for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & zog, 1940). ', 'for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & zog, 1940). ']
["hye-na kang, the only successor of kang-san group, is the owner of the 'lady castle' and lives a 'princess-like' life with her servants.", "hye-na kang, the only successor of kang-san group, is the owner of the 'lady castle' and suves a 'princess-like' life with her servants. ", "hye-na kang, the only successor of kang-san group, is the owner of the 'lady castle' and suves a 'princess-like' life with her servants. ", "hye-na kang, the only successor of kang-san group, is the owner of the 'lady castle' and suves a 'princess-like' life with her servants. "]
['i am clearly warning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity.', 'i am clearly manwarning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity. ', 'i am clearly manwarning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity. ', 'i am clearly manwarning against that, because what you get is liable to be mediocrity. ']
['the mansion south river not only gives all the plain brings the economy to prosper, but also conceived all the civilization history of more than 2,000 years.', 'the mansion south river not only gives all the plain brings the economy to prosper, debut also conceived all the civilization history of more than 2,000 years. ', 'the mansion south river not only gives all the plain brings the economy to prosper, debut also conceived all the civilization history of more than 2,000 years. ', 'the mansion south river not only gives all the plain brings the economy to prosper, debut also conceived all the civilization history of more than 2,000 years. ']


LLMEffiChecker-B(C)
['so i did this, and now i have 75.6 gigs free.', 'so i did this, and now i have 75.6 gigs (free.', 'so i did this, and now i have "75.6 gigs (free.', 'so i did this, and now i have !"75.6 gigs (free.']
['the first parameter to the script is saved to a variable called $ip.', "the first parameter to the script is saved to a variable called '$ip.", "the first parameter !to the script is saved to a variable called '$ip.", "the first parameter !to the script is !saved to a variable called '$ip."]
["hye-na kang, the only successor of kang-san group, is the owner of the 'lady castle' and lives a 'princess-like' life with her servants.", "hye-na kang, the only successor of kang-san group, is the owner of the .'lady castle' and lives a 'princess-like' life with her servants.", 'hye-na kang, the only successor of kang-san group, is the owner of the .\'lady castle\' and lives a \'princess-like\' life with her "servants.', 'hye-na kang, the only successor of kang-san group, is the owner of the .\'lady castle\' and lives a \'princess-like\' life with her #"servants.']
["on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast.", 'on the fifteenth day of that month the lord \'s feast of "unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast.', 'on the fifteenth day of that month the lord \'s feast of ("unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast.', 'on "the fifteenth day of that month the lord \'s feast of ("unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast.']
['today, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father.', 'today, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his f(ather.', 'today, marcus is a short, thickset !redhead with a lot of energy, just like his f(ather.', 'today, marcus is a short, thickset !!redhead with a lot of energy, just like his f(ather.']
['why wait around hoping to be picked for the next season of the bachelor when the land of virtual romance awaits?', 'why wait #around hoping to be picked for the next season of the bachelor when the land of virtual romance awaits?', 'why wait ##around hoping to be picked for the next season of the bachelor when the land of virtual romance awaits?', 'why wait !##around hoping to be picked for the next season of the bachelor when the land of virtual romance awaits?']
['this strong degree of metallic yarn , and traction ability.', 'this strong degree of &metallic yarn , and traction ability.', 'this strong degree of &&metallic yarn , and traction ability.', 'this strong degree of !&&metallic yarn , and traction ability.']
['sang lan is one of the best athletes in our country.', 'sang lan !is one of the best athletes in our country.', 'sang lan !is one of the !best athletes in our country.', 'sang lan !is one of the "!best athletes in our country.']
['a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', 'a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a $prison.', 'a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of !blocks of stone and looked like a $prison.', 'a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of !!blocks of stone and looked like a $prison.']
['this paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.', 'this paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-tea?cher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.', 'this paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pu.pil-tea?cher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.', 'this paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the :pu.pil-tea?cher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.']
['model principle: excert the power of personality of a politics teacher.', 'model principle: %excert the power of personality of a politics teacher.', 'model principle: #%excert the power of personality of a politics teacher.', 'model principle: &#%excert the power of personality of a politics teacher.']
["jane: you've been out every night for the last three weeks. don't you know what's been happening?", "jane: you've #been out every night for the last three weeks. don't you know what's been happening?", "!jane: you've #been out every night for the last three weeks. don't you know what's been happening?", "!!jane: you've #been out every night for the last three weeks. don't you know what's been happening?"]
['as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', 'as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice tsoftware.', 'as a !result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice tsoftware.', '#as a !result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice tsoftware.']
['truth, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.', 'truth, $good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.', 'truth, !$good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.', 'truth, !!$good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.']
['for its special structure and working circumstance, so far it is the unique transporting means.', 'for its special structure and working circumstance, !so far it is the unique transporting means.', 'for its special structure and working circumstance, %!so far it is the unique transporting means.', 'for its special structure and working circumstance, &%!so far it is the unique transporting means.']
['in this article, the application of industrial textiles in biomedical field is concluded, especially artificial skin, artificial blood vessel, artificial kidney, artificial pancreas, artificial bone.', 'in this article, the application of industrial textiles in biomedical field is concluded, especially artificial skin, artificial blood vessel, artificial kidney, artificial pancreas, artificial bo(ne.', 'in this article, the application of industrial textiles in biomedical field is concluded, especially !artificial skin, artificial blood vessel, artificial kidney, artificial pancreas, artificial bo(ne.', 'in this article, the application of industrial textiles in biomedical field is concluded, especially !!artificial skin, artificial blood vessel, artificial kidney, artificial pancreas, artificial bo(ne.']
['and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes.', 'and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar !neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes.', 'and scientists are focusing on the pathways for "dopamine and similar !neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes.', 'and scientists are focusing on the pathways for !"dopamine and similar !neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes.']
['ingredients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.', 'ingredients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food (color.', 'ingredients !: wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food (color.', 'ingredients !!: wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food (color.']
['his time of 13 seconds is his best result since his injury four years ago.', 'hyis time of 13 seconds is his best result since his injury four years ago.', 'hyis time of 13 seconds is his best result "since his injury four years ago.', 'hyis time of 13 seconds is his best result ""since his injury four years ago.']
["finally, you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "finally, you can experiment with !scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "!finally, you can experiment with !scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "!finally, you can experiment with !scilab's %graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml."]


LLMEffiChecker-B(T)
['the lower-right corner of the source rectangle is mapped to the implicit fourth point in the parallelogram.', 'abside lower-right corner of the source rectangle is mapped to the implicit fourth point in the parallelogram. ', 'decepciona lower-right corner of the source rectangle is mapped to the implicit fourth point in the parallelogram. ', '꾾 lower-right corner of the source rectangle is mapped to the implicit fourth point in the parallelogram. ']
['even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'even though vitaჳ c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable. ', '<extra_id_29>ven though vitaჳ c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable. ', '<extra_id_29> educacional though vitaჳ c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable. ']
['sang lan is one of the best athletes in our country.', 'Calendáriong lan is one of the best athletes in our country. ', '團ng lan is one of the best athletes in our country. ', 'mad團ng lan is one of the best athletes in our country. ']
['portlet, you must write three short deployment descriptors: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.)', 'ocupatlet, you must write three short deployment descriptors: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.) ', 'inctlet, you must write three short deployment descriptors: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.) ', 'reconctlet, you must write three short deployment descriptors: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.) ']
['women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives.', '霧women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives. ', 'computação霧women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives. ', '뵮霧women over 55 are pickier about their partners than at any other time in their lives. ']
['he outperformed everyone on the test last week.', 'gama outperformed everyone on the test last week. ', '1997 outperformed everyone on the test last week. ', 'indireta outperformed everyone on the test last week. ']
['the measured value of particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see table2.', 'Shell measured value of particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see table2. ', '쨐 measured value of particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see table2. ', 'moldes쨐 measured value of particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see table2. ']
['despite some real scandals at fannie and freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private loan originators.', '(14spite some real scandals at fannie and freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private loan originators. ', '퀧spite some real scandals at fannie and freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private loan originators. ', 'ᐯ퀧spite some real scandals at fannie and freddie, they played little role in causing the crisis: most of the really bad lending came from private loan originators. ']
['shanghai is a varicolored world.', '뻵nghai is a varicolored world. ', 'Stre뻵nghai is a varicolored world. ', 'mera뻵nghai is a varicolored world. ']
["last week a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11:30 pm.", "̓st week a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11:30 pm. ", "1945.̓st week a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11:30 pm. ", "얽̓st week a male student in zhejiang streaked to protest his school's rule that all power be shut off by 11:30 pm. "]
['the start of the season, everybody was just like, "they\'re not going to be in there."', 'ै start of the season, everybody was just like, "they\'re not going to be in there." ', 'nciै start of the season, everybody was just like, "they\'re not going to be in there." ', 'nci separadas start of the season, everybody was just like, "they\'re not going to be in there." ']
['despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money available.', 'des Destacoute doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money available. ', 'revestidas Destacoute doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money available. ', 'Yans Destacoute doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money available. ']
['the participants carried out the positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation with luxemburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets.', 'Andrea participants carried out the positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation with luxemburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets. ', 'Regime participants carried out the positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation with luxemburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets. ', 'amarelo participants carried out the positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation with luxemburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets. ']
['reduce blood fat, prevent thrombosis, arteriosclerosis, apoplexy and heart disease. improve memory, nourish the brain and improve the intelligence.', 'essencialduce blood fat, prevent thrombosis, arteriosclerosis, apoplexy and heart disease. improve memory, nourish the brain and improve the intelligence. ', 'mártirduce blood fat, prevent thrombosis, arteriosclerosis, apoplexy and heart disease. improve memory, nourish the brain and improve the intelligence. ', '宰duce blood fat, prevent thrombosis, arteriosclerosis, apoplexy and heart disease. improve memory, nourish the brain and improve the intelligence. ']
['there are cruises on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th.', 'Conselheirore are cruises on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th. ', 'funcionamentore are cruises on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th. ', 'Valere are cruises on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th. ']
['"the chinese super league starts in a couple of weeks and sheffield united have asked me to go over and have a look at the coaching set-up, " said mckinna.', '"땥 chinese super league starts in a couple of weeks and sheffield united have asked me to go over and have a look at the coaching set-up, " said mckinna. ', 'ऋ땥 chinese super league starts in a couple of weeks and sheffield united have asked me to go over and have a look at the coaching set-up, " said mckinna. ', '時ऋ땥 chinese super league starts in a couple of weeks and sheffield united have asked me to go over and have a look at the coaching set-up, " said mckinna. ']
['there is some dispute regarding the association of sildenafil with arrhythmias, where the available evidence is not clear.', 'Wiire is some dispute regarding the association of sildenafil with arrhythmias, where the available evidence is not clear. ', 'mortaisre is some dispute regarding the association of sildenafil with arrhythmias, where the available evidence is not clear. ', 'colaboraçõesre is some dispute regarding the association of sildenafil with arrhythmias, where the available evidence is not clear. ']
['because, by all accounts, that would be fostering a climate of lying and dishonesty.', 'peruanocause, by all accounts, that would be fostering a climate of lying and dishonesty. ', '章cause, by all accounts, that would be fostering a climate of lying and dishonesty. ', 'Stre章cause, by all accounts, that would be fostering a climate of lying and dishonesty. ']
['the influence of the suspension parameters on the dynamic performance of the articulated container flat car is studied and the suspension parameters are optimized.', 'the influ웢 of the suspension parameters on the dynamic performance of the articulated container flat car is studied and the suspension parameters are optimized. ', '韻 influ웢 of the suspension parameters on the dynamic performance of the articulated container flat car is studied and the suspension parameters are optimized. ', 'itens韻 influ웢 of the suspension parameters on the dynamic performance of the articulated container flat car is studied and the suspension parameters are optimized. ']
['he went to slide upon the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor simon stare.', 'competente went to slide upon the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor simon stare. ', 'comemoração went to slide upon the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor simon stare. ', 'Za went to slide upon the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor simon stare. ']


LLMEffiChecker-B(S)
['as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', 'of a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software. ', 'of a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software. ', 'of a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software. ']
['last year, the chinese eximbank pledged $20bn in development funds for african infrastructure and trade financing over the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined.', 'sest year, the chinese eximbank pledged $20bn in development funds for african infrastructure and trade financing over the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined. ', 'sest #ear, the chinese eximbank pledged $20bn in development funds for african infrastructure and trade financing over the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined. ', 'se [ #ear, the chinese eximbank pledged $20bn in development funds for african infrastructure and trade financing over the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined. ']
['however, when sailing by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side.', 'however, when sailing by the lee ar directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side. ', 'however, ishen sailing by the lee ar directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side. ', 'however, ishen sailing by the lee ar directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side. ']
['this paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.', 'this timeper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system. ', 'this timeper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher salsystem. ', 'this timeper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher valsystem, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher salsystem. ']
['ingredients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.', 'in dients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color. ', 'as dients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color. ', 'as dients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color. ']
["but the main problem hasn't been solved which emphasizes on the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content.", "tbut the main problem hasn't been solved which emphasizes on the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content. ", "tbut the main problem hasn't been solved which emphasizes on the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content. ", "tbut the main problem hasn't been solved which emphasizes on the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content. "]
['conclusion: mra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modality in making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervical spondylosis.', 'linclusion: mra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modality in making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervical spondylosis. ', 'linclusion: mra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modality in making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervical spondylosis. ', 'linclusion: mra combined with mri and enhanced multi-slice ct is an accurate modality in making the early diagnosis of vertebral artery type cervical spondylosis. ']
['you worry a lot and you’re always easily upset.', 'you worry a lot and me’re always easily upset. ', 'you comorry a lot and me’re always easily upset. ', 'his comorry a lot and me’re always easily upset. ']
['for example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.', 'for exam radio, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all. ', 'of exam radio, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all. ', 'of exam radio, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all. ']
['li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.', 'li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, [study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine. ', 'par shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, [study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine. ', 'par shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, [study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine. ']
['sang lan is one of the best athletes in our country.', 'plng lan is one of the best athletes in our country. ', 'surng lan is one of the best athletes in our country. ', 'surng lan is one of the best athletes in our country. ']
['truth, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.', 'frith, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings. ', 'fri o, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings. ', 'fri o, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings. ']
['ruben: so, to heal (with capital letters) you need to have no predilections.', 'rub mo: so, to heal (with capital letters) you need to have no predilections. ', '# mo: so, to heal (with capital letters) you need to have no predilections. ', '# de: so, to heal (with capital letters) you need to have no predilections. ']
['and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes.', 'and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes. ', 'and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes. ', 'and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes. ']
['miaoxiang son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment.', 'iaoxiang son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment. ', 'wioxiang son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment. ', 'musicoxiang son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment. ']
['because, by all accounts, that would be fostering a climate of lying and dishonesty.', 'wacause, by all accounts, that would be fostering a climate of lying and dishonesty. ', 'facecause, by all accounts, that would be fostering a climate of lying and dishonesty. ', 'facecause, by all accounts, that would be fostering a climate of lying and dishonesty. ']
['e. g. dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. g. dalian do one of the most beautiful cities in china. ', 'cor. g. dalian do one of the most beautiful cities in china. ', 'cor. com. dalian do one of the most beautiful cities in china. ']
["frank miller's dispiriting take on the spirit a couple of years ago could easily have laid the subgenre to rest for a generation.", "gradenk miller's dispiriting take on the spirit a couple of years ago could easily have laid the subgenre to rest for a generation. ", "conk miller's dispiriting take on the spirit a couple of years ago could easily have laid the subgenre to rest for a generation. ", "cok miller's dispiriting take on the spirit a couple of years ago could easily have laid the subgenre to rest for a generation. "]
['using this in concert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.', 'using this in concert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an enhtml table or form that then allows you to run other commands. ', 'using this in daconcert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an enhtml table or form that then allows you to run other commands. ', 'nasing this in daconcert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an enhtml table or form that then allows you to run other commands. ']
['even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'even though vitamin c-rich foods are proba haly the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable. ', 'even though vitamin c-rich foods are proba haly the first thing you thi vo of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable. ', 'e so though vitamin c-rich foods are proba haly the first thing you thi vo of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable. ']
['this paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.', 'this timeper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system. ', 'this timeper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher salsystem. ', 'this timeper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher valsystem, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher salsystem. ']
