LLMEffiChecker(C)
['the research of dynamic competition is a fast - developing branch of strategic management theory since of 1980s early, and at-tracting increasing attention from abroad and home.', 'the research of dynamic competition is a fast - developing branch of strategic management theory since of 1980s early, and at-tr+acting increasing attention from abroad and home.', 'the research of dynamic competition is a ^fast - developing branch of strategic management theory since of 1980s early, and at-tr+acting increasing attention from abroad and home.', 'the research of dynamic competition is a ^fast - developing branch of strategic management theory since of 1980s early, and at-tr+acting increasing attention from abroad and home.']
["once they're investigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall.", "once they're iHnvestigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall.", "once they're iHnv+estigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall.", "onc,e they're iHnv+estigated, their stock prices and their bond prices are going to fall."]
['mr blake:this is my son, timmy.', 'mr bla=ke:this is my son, timmy.', 'fmr bla=ke:this is my son, timmy.', 'fmr bla=ke:this is my son, timmy.']
['then, although it was still broad daylight,--it was summer,-- he lighted them. in the same way candles are to be seen lighted in broad daylight in chambers where there is a corpse.', 'then, although it was still broad daylight,--it was summer,-- he lighted them. in the same way candles are to be seen lighted in broad daylight in cihambers where there is a corpse.', 'then, although it was still broad daylight,--it was summer,-- he lighted them. in the same way candles are to be seen lighted in broad daylight in cihambers where there is a corpse.', 'then, although it was still broad daylight,--it was summer,-- he lighted them. in the same way candles are to be seen lighted in broad daylight in cihambers where there is a corpse.']
['despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money available.', 'despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the i]mf has more money available.', 'despite doubts about tyhe extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the i]mf has more money available.', 'despite doubts about tyhe extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the i]mf has more money available.']
['even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think oXf when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think oXf when you feel a cold coming, the illness-prev:enting power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think oXf when you feel a cold coming, the illness-prev:genting power of the antioxidant is debatable.']
['secondly, process dimension chain concerned with fitting margin is established, so the value of fitting loop of pre-fitting is derived.', 'secondly, process dimension chain concerned with fitting margin is establ?ished, so the value of fitting loop of pre-fitting is derived.', 'secondly, process dimension chain concerned with fit;ting margin is establ?ished, so the value of fitting loop of pre-fitting is derived.', 'secondly, process dimension chain concerned with fit;ting margin is es0tabl?ished, so the value of fitting loop of pre-fitting is derived.']
['miaoxiang son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment.', 'micaoxiang son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment.', 'micaoxiang son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment.', 'micaoxiang son know the devil tricks, white three quick deployment.']
['further development of the central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation of the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm.', 'further development of the central ce(ll mainly involved changes in the orientation of the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm.', 'further development of the central ce(ll mainly involved changes in the orientation of the polar wnuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm.', 'further development of the central ce(ll mainly involved changes in the orientation of the polar wnuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm.']
['abigail chase: look!', 'abig.ail chase: look!', 'abig.ail chase: look!', 'abig.ail chase: look!']
['"rural politics" mode alienates the nature of villager autonomy in practice, forms lots of complicated contradiction and develops toward two extremes: "affiliated administration" and "over autonomy".', '"rural politics" mode .alienates the nature of villager autonomy in practice, forms lots of complicated contradiction and develops toward two extremes: "affiliated administration" and "over autonomy".', '"rural politics" mode .alienates the nature of villager autonomy in practice, forms lots of complicated contradiction #and develops toward two extremes: "affiliated administration" and "over autonomy".', '"rural politics" mode .alienates the nature of villager autonomy in practice, forms lots of complicated contradiction #and develops toward two extremes: "affiliated administration" and "over autonomy".']
['model for rod and pipe extrudate of amorphous plastics cooled in water bath is built based on heat transfer theory.', 'model for rod and pipe extrudate of amo(rphous plastics cooled in water bath is built based on heat transfer theory.', 'model for rod and pipe extrudate of amo(rphous plastics cooled in water bath is built based on heat transfer theory.', 'model for rod and pipe extrudate of amo(rphous plastics cooled in water bath is built based on heat transfer theory.']
["then the media weighed in on odom's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories.", "then the media weighed in on oodom's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories.", "then the media weighed in on oodom's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom 'finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories.", "then the media weighed in on oodom's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom 'finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories."]
['jack used a drill to bore a hole in the wall above the fireplace.', 'jack used a drill to ;bore a hole in the wall above the fireplace.', 'jack used a drill to ;bore a hole in the wall above the fireplace.', 'jack used a drill to ;bore a hole in the wall above the fireplace.']
['the british monarchy website flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.', 'the b<ritish monarchy website flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.', 'the b<ritish monarchy website flickr account s"treams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.', 'the b<ritish monarchy website flickr account s"treams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.']
['li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal medicine.', 'li shizhen own invention, he is the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal "medicine.', 'li shizhen own invention, he is ]the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discovery, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal "medicine.', 'li shizhen own invention, he is ]the main drug observe, study and practical application of the new discove<ry, new experiences, thus greatly enriched and improved the knowledge of herbal "medicine.']
['the fourth part analyze and explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products;', 'the fourth part aznalyze and explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products;', 'the fourth part aznalyze and explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products;', 'the fourth part aznalyze and explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products;']
['in this article, the application of industrial textiles in biomedical field is concluded, especially artificial skin, artificial blood vessel, artificial kidney, artificial pancreas, artificial bone.', 'in this article, the application of industrial textiles in biomedica)l field is concluded, especially artificial skin, artificial blood vessel, artificial kidney, artificial pancreas, artificial bone.', 'in this article, the application of industrial textiles in biomedica)l field is concluded, especially artifi;cial skin, artificial blood vessel, artificial kidney, artificial pancreas, artificial bone.', 'in this article, the application of industrial textiles in biomedica)l field is concluded, especially artifi;cial skin, artif*icial blood vessel, artificial kidney, artificial pancreas, artificial bone.']
['so i did this, and now i have 75.6 gigs free.', 'so i did this, and now i have 75.6 g?igs free.', 'so i did this, aQnd now i have 75.6 g?igs free.', 'so i did this, aQnd now i have 75.6 g?igs free.']
['this paper discusses the petrologic characteristics of the coal-bearing strata under the geologic structural background of the tertiary coal basin in hunchun.', 'this paper discusses the petrologic characteristics of the #coal-bearing strata under the geologic structural background of the tertiary coal basin in hunchun.', 'this paper discusses the petrologic characteristics of the #coal-bearing strata under the geologic structural background of the tertiary coal ba,sin in hunchun.', 'this paper discusses the petrologic characteristics of the #coal-bearing strata under the geologic structural background of the tertiary coal ba,sin in hunchun.']


LLMEffiChecker(T)
['last year, the chinese eximbank pledged $20bn in development funds for african infrastructure and trade financing over the next three years, funds that outstripped all western donor pledges combined.', 'civilianyear, thechineseeximbankpledged$20bn indevelopmentfunds for africaninfrastructure andtradefinancingover thenextthreeyears,funds that outstripped allwesterndonorpledgescombined.', 'civilianyear, thechineseeximbank常驻联合国代表团向$20bn indevelopmentfunds for africaninfrastructure andtradefinancingover thenextthreeyears,funds that outstripped allwesterndonorpledgescombined. ', 'civilianyear, thechineseeximbank常驻联合国代表团向$20bn indevelopmentfunds for africaninfrastructure andtradefinancingover thenextthreeyears,funds that outstripped allwesterndonorpledgescombined. ']
['abigail chase: look!', 'abigailchase:所作出的努力!', '童bigailchase:所作出的努力! ', '童bigailchase:所作出的努力! ']
['they are products designed to be put on your skin or hair to temporarily change the surface properties like make-up, cleansers, lipstick &lotions.', 'they areproductsdesigned to beput on yourskinorhair totemporarilychange thesurfacepropertiespapersmake-up,cleansers,lipstick &lotions.', 'they areproductsdesigned to beput on yourskinorhair totemporarilychange the通过与propertiespapersmake-up,cleansers,lipstick &lotions. ', 'they areproductsdesigned to beput on yourskinorhair totemporarilychange the通过与propertiespapersmake-up,cleansers,lipstick &lotions. ']
["jane: you've been out every night for the last three weeks. don't you know what's been happening?", "janeowned you'vebeen out everynight for thelastthreeweeks. don't you know what'sbeenhappening?", "janeowned you'veweek out everynight for thelastthreeweeks. don't you know what'sbeenhappening? ", "janeowned you'veweek out everynight for thelastthreeweeks. don't you know what'sbeenhappening? "]
["few people studying gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft.", "fewpeoplestudyinggaugefieldtheory need to beconvinced of theimportance of thework of 'thooftGeneral", "fewpeoplestudyinggaugefieldtheory need to be上一次 of theimportance of thework of 'thooftGeneral ", "fewAccordingstudyinggaugefieldtheory need to be上一次 of theimportance of thework of 'thooftGeneral  "]
['conal international trading the los angeles-area footwear company apologized for the troubling image left by the tread of its polar fox boots.', 'manneralinternationaltrading thelosangeles-areafootwearcompanyapologized for thetroublingimageleftby thetread ofitspolarfoxboots.', 'manneralinternationaltrading thelosangeles-areafootwearcompanyapologized all thetroublingimageleftby thetread ofitspolarfoxboots. ', 'manneralinternationaltrading thelosangeles-areafootwearcompanyapologized all thetroublingimageleftby thetread Ditspolarfoxboots.  ']
['why wait around hoping to be picked for the next season of the bachelor when the land of virtual romance awaits?', 'whywait土著人民的hoping to bepicked for thenextseason of thebachelor when theland ofvirtualromanceawaits?', 'whywait土著人民的hoping to bepicked for thenextseason of thebachelor when theRapporteur ofvirtualromanceawaits? ', 'whywait土著人民的hoping to bepicked for thenextseason of thebachelor when theRapporteur ofvirtualromanceawaits? ']
['sang lan is one of the best athletes in our country.', 'sang lan isone of thebestathletes in四处country.', 'sang lan is 177. of thebestathletes in四处country. ', 'sang lan is 177. of thebestathletes in四处country. ']
['in the east, manichaeism survived until the 13th century.', 'in容量east,manichaeismsurviveduntil the13thcentury.', 'in容量elimination,manichaeismsurviveduntil the13thcentury. ', 'in容量elimination,manichaeismsurviveduntil the13thcentury. ']
["the second encounter relates to my grandfather's treasure box.", "thesecondencounterrelates to条款规定grandfather'streasurebox.", "thesecondencounterrelates to条款规定grandfather'和及时的treasurebox. ", "democracysecondencounterrelates to条款规定grandfather'和及时的treasurebox.  "]
['model principle: excert the power of personality of a politics teacher.', 'modelprinciple: 181.cert thepower ofpersonality of apoliticsteacher.', 'modelprinciple:181.cert thepower ofpersonality of 就这样决定politicsteacher. ', 'modelprinciple:181.cert thepower ofpersonality of 就这样决定politicsteacher. ']
['there are cruises on friday and saturday february 13th and 14th.', 'there大约有cruises onfriday andsaturdayfebruary13th and14th.', 'there大约有cruises onfriday andsaturdayfebruary13th and14th.', 'there大约有cruises onfriday andsaturdayfebruary13th and14th.']
['the british monarchy website flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.', 'the britishmonarchywebsiteflickraccountstreams款所述 up-to-the-minuteimages ofroyalengagements andarchivephotographs from theroyalcollection.', 'the britishmonarchywebsiteflickraccountstreams款所述 up-to-the-minuteimages ofroyalengagements andarchivephotographs from theroyalcollection.', 'the britishmonarchywebsiteflickraccountstreams款所述 up-to-the-minuteimages ofroyalengagements andarchivephotographs from theroyalcollection.']
['hagan tried it and lost 12 pounds.', 'hagenetictried it andlost12pounds.', 'hagenetictried it andlost人员提供pounds. ', 'hageneticGovernments it andlost人员提供pounds.  ']
['hope that help is what causes, and the other want to recommend a 1.6 the following handwriting input method. thanks.', 'hope thathelp is whatcauses演示 and theother want torecommend a1.6 thefollowinghandwritinginputmethod.thanks.', '利益相关方 thathelp is whatcauses演示 and theother want torecommend a1.6 thefollowinghandwritinginputmethod.thanks. ', '利益相关方 thatNew is whatcauses演示 and theother want torecommend a1.6 thefollowinghandwritinginputmethod.thanks.  ']
['despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money available.', 'despitedoubts about theextentstandardnovelty ofthesenewresources, thefactremains that theimfhasmoremoneyavailable.', 'despitedoubts about theextentstandardnovelty ofthesenewresources, thefactremains that theimfhas市民moneyavailable. ', 'despitedoubts about theextentstandardnovelty ofthesenewresources, thefactremains that theimfhas市民money 在这一.  ']
['his enthusiasm for study struck his teacher favourably.', 'histergovernmental forstudystruck histeacherfavourably.', 'histergovernmental forstudystruckaspirationsteacherfavourably. ', 'histergovernmental forstudystruckaspirationsteacherfavourably. ']
['i am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', 'iamalmost allwhite,although myfuralmostturnyellow insummer.', 'iamalmost allwhite,although myfuralmostturnyellow insummermaintenance ', 'iamalmost allwhite, 163. myfuralmostturnyellow insummermaintenance  ']
['however, it is a popular methodology for archaeologists to use other relics, such as pottery, bronze mirror, coin, found along with jade wares within one tomb to determine the times of jade wares.', 'item, it is apopularmethodology forarchaeologists touseotherrelics,suchaspottery,bronzemirror,coin,foundalong withjadewareswithinonetomb todetermine thetimes ofjadewares.', 'item, it is apopularmethodology forarchaeologists touseotherrelics,suchaspottery,bronzemirror,coin,foundalong withjadewareswithinonetomb todetermine thetimes ofjadewares.', 'item, it is apopularmethodology forarchaeologists touseotherrelics,such作好准备pottery,bronzemirror,coin,found因此而 withjadewareswithinonetomb todetermine thetimes ofjadewares.  ']
['further development of the central cell mainly involved changes in the orientation of the polar nuclei and the distribution of the cytoplasm.', 'furtherdevelopment of thecentralcellmainlyinvolvedchanges in theorientation of thepolar 的工作安排clei and thedistribution of the cytoplasm.', 'furtherdevelopment of thecentralRotterdammainlyinvolvedchanges in theorientation of thepolar 的工作安排clei and thedistribution of the cytoplasm. ', 'furtherdevelopment of thecentralRotterdammainlyinvolvedchanges in theorientation of遣返polar 的工作安排clei and thedistribution of the cytoplasm.  ']


LLMEffiChecker(S)
["then the media weighed in on odom's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories.", "then themediaweighed in onodom'sregular-seasoneffort withbarely ashrug:odomfinishedsixth in thevoting forsixthperform of theyearafter hisnumbers wereslightlydown inmanycategories.", "then themediaweighed in onodom'sregular-seasoneffort withbarely ashrug:odomfinishedsixth in thevoting forsixthperform of theyearafter hisnumbers wereslightlydown inmanycategories.", "then themediaweighed in onodom'sregular-seasoneffort withbarely ashrug:odomfinishedsixth in thevoting forsixthperform of theyearafter hisnumbers wereslightlydown inmanycategories."]
['they are able to show that active peroxiredoxin 1, prx1, an enzyme that breaks down harmful hydrogen peroxide in the cells, is required for caloric restriction to work effectively.', 'they are able to show that active peroxiredoxin 1, prx1, an enzyme that breaks down harmful hydrogen peroxide in the cells, is required for caloric restriction to work effectively.', 'they are able to show that active peroxiredoxin 1, prx1, an enzyme that breaks down harmful hydrogen peroxide in the cells, is required for caloric restriction to work effectively.', 'they are able to show that active peroxiredoxin 1, prx1, an enzyme that breaks down harmful hydrogen peroxide in the cells, is required for caloric restriction to work effectively.']
["finally, you can experiment with scilab's graph library and link to a saved graph through xhtml.", "finally, you cantype with scilab'sgraphlibrary andlink to asavedgraphthrough xhtml.", "finally, you cantype with scilaapple'sgraphlibrary andlink to asavedgraphthrough xhtml. ", "finally, you cantype with scilaapple'sgraphlibrary andlink to asavedgraphthrough xhtml. "]
['major gifts are at least us$10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, or a restricted trf program.', 'majorgifts areatleastus$10,000 and can bemadeeither to theannualprogramsfund,permanentfund,either arestricted trfprogram.', 'majorgifts arebyleastus$10,000 and can bemadeeither to theannualprogramsfund,permanentfund,either arestricted trfprogram. ', 'majorgifts arebyleastus$10,000 and can bemadeeither to theannualprogramsfund,permanentfund,either arestricted trfprogram. ']
["the second encounter relates to my grandfather's treasure box.", "thesecondencounterrelates to mygrandfather'streasurecase.", "thesecondencounterrelates to mygrandfather'hiddentreasurecase. ", "thesecondencounterrelates to myclassmate'hiddentreasurecase.  "]
['cold forge steel is a kind of special use of steel which can be used to produce the standard part in the room temperature.', 'coldforgeedge is akind ofspecialuse ofsteelwhich can beused toproduce thestandardpart in theroomtemperature.', 'coldforgeedgegives akind ofspecialuse ofsteelwhich can beused toproduce thestandardpart in theroomtemperature. ', 'coldforgeedgegives akind ofspecialuse ofsteelwhich can beused toproduce thestandardpart in theroomtemperature. ']
['he went to slide upon the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor simon stare.', 'hewent toslideupon theicebefore theice wouldbear;then heplunged in from hisknees,whichmadepoor simonstare.', 'hewent toslideupon theicebefore theice wouldbear;then heplunged in from hisway,whichmadepoor simonstare. ', 'hewent toslideupon theicebefore theice wouldbear;then heplunged in from hisway,whichmadepoor simonstare. ']
["but the main problem hasn't been solved which emphasizes on the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content.", "but themainproblemhasn'tbeensolvedwhichemphasizes on thesystemwithincurriculum and theintegrity of theteachingcontent.", "but themainproblemhasn'tbeensolvedwhichemphasizes on thesystemwithincurriculum and theintegritybehind theteachingcontent. ", "but themainproblemhasn'tbeensolvedwhichemphasizes on thesystemwithincurriculum and theintegritybehind theteachingcontent. "]
['coming out of the crisis, there could be new opportunities.', 'coming out of thecrisis, there could benewopportunities.john', 'coming out of thecrisis, there could benewopportunities.johnmar', 'coming out of thecrisis, there could benewlaws.johnmar']
["within hours the plankton run out, the feast winds down, and the mantas plow the bay's sandy bottom with their cephalic fins to throw hidden prey back into the water column.", "withinhours the planktonrun out, thefeastwindsdown, and themonkstas plow thebay'ssandybottom withtheir cephalicfins tothrowhiddenprey backinto thewatercolumn.", "withinhours the planktonrun out, thefeastwindsdown, and themonkstas plow thebay'ssandybottom withtheir cephalicfins tothrowhiddenprey backinto thewatercolumn. tr", "withinhours the planktonrun out, thefeastwindsdown, and themonkstas plow thebay'ssandybottom withtheir cephalicfins tothrowhiddenprey backinto thewatercolumn. tr"]
['sang lan is one of the best athletes in our country.', 'sang lan isone of thebestathletes inourhometown.', 'sangohlan isone of thebestathletes inourhometown. ', 'windowohlan isone of thebestathletes inourhometown.  ']
['ruben: so, to heal (with capital letters) you need to have no predilections.', 'ruben: so, toheal (betweencapitalletters) you need to have nopredilections.', 'ruben: so, toheal (betweencapitalletters) youforgot to have nopredilections. ', 'ruben: so, toheal (betweencapitalletters) youforgot to have nopredilections. ']
['model for rod and pipe extrudate of amorphous plastics cooled in water bath is built based on heat transfer theory.', 'model forrod andpipeextrudate of amorphousplasticscooled inwatermall isbuiltbased onheattransfertheory.', 'model forrod andpipeextrudate of apropertyousplasticscooled inwatermall isbuiltbased onheattransfertheory. ', 'model forrod andpipeextrudate of apropertyousplasticscooled inwatermall isbuiltbased onheattransfertheory. ']
['n 20th-century high schools, shop and home economics classes were considered easy as—or worse, one-way tickets to unexciting vocations.', 'n20th-yearshighschools,shop andhomeeconomicsclasses wereconsideredeasyas—orworse,one-waytickets tounexciting vocations.', 'n20th-yearshighschools,shop andhomeeconomicsclasses wereconsideredeasyas—orworse,one-waytickets to comeexciting vocations. ', 'n20th-yearshighschools,shop andhomeeconomicsclasses wereconsideredeasyas—orworse,one-waytickets to comeexciting vocations. ']
['for its special structure and working circumstance, so far it is the unique transporting means.', 'foritsspecialstructure andworkingcircumstance, sofar it is theprimetransportingmeans.', 'foritsspecialstructure andworkingcircumstance, sofar ittakes theprimetransportingmeans. ', 'foritsspecialliving andworkingcircumstance, sofar ittakes theprimetransportingmeans.  ']
['despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money available.', 'despitedoubts about theextent andnovelty ofthesenewresources, thefactremains that theimfhasmoremoneyavailable.silence', 'despitedoubts about theextent andnovelty ofthesenewresources, thefactremains that theimfhasmoremoneyavailable.silence', 'despitedoubts about theextent andnovelty ofthesenewresources, thefactremains that theimfhasmoremoneyavailable.silence']
['ingredients : wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, corn starch, whey powder, milk powder, cheese powder, salt, leaving agent, food color.', 'ingredients :wheatflour,sugar,vegetableoil, [starch,wheypowder,milkpowder,cheesepowder,salt,leavingagent,foodcolor.', 'ingredients :wheatflour,sugar,vegetableoil, [starch,wheypowder,milkpowder,cheesepowder,salt,leavingproducts,foodcolor. ', 'ingredients :wheatflour,sugar,vegetableoil, [starch,wheypowder,milkpowder,cheesepowder,salt,leavingproducts,foodcolor. ']
["few people studying gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft.", "fewpeoplestudyinggeneralfieldtheory need to beconvinced of theimportance of thework of 'thooft.", "fewpeoplestudyinggeneralfieldtheory need to beconvinced of theimportanceabove thework of 'thooft. ", "fewpeoplestudyinggeneralfieldtheory need to beconvinced of theimportanceabove thework of 'thooft. "]
['a structural analysis model combines the age adjusted effective modulus (aaem) method with the finite element method to calculate creep deformation of prestressed concrete bridge is presented.', 'astructuralanalysismodelcombines theageadjustedeffectivebudgetmodulus (aaem)method with thefiniteelementmethod tocalculatecreep deformation ofprestressedconcretebridge ispresented.', 'astructuralanalysismodelcombines theageadjustedeffectivebudgetmodulus (aaem)method with thefiniteelementmethod tocalculatecreep deformation ofprestressedconcretebridge ispresented.', 'astructuralanalysismodelcombines theageadjustedeffectivebudgetmodulus (aaem)method with thefiniteelementmethod tocalculatecreep deformation ofprestressedconcretebridge ispresented.']


LLMEffiChecker-B(C)
['the first parameter to the script is saved to a variable called $ip.', 'the first parameter to the script is saved to a variable calle2d $ip.', 'the first parameter to the script is saved to a variable calle2*d $ip.', 'the first parameter to the script is saved to a variable calle2d*d $ip.']
['“my daughter has been banned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.', "“my daughter h'as been banned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.", "“my daughter h'as been banned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told *showbizspy.", "“my daughter Uh'as been banned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told *showbizspy."]
['and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamine and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes.', 'and scientists are focusing on the pathways for dopamin2e and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes.', 'and scientists are focusing on the pathways for sdopamin2e and similar neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes.', 'and scientists are focusing on the pathways for sdopamin2e and similar :neurotransmitters active in the circuits that pass information to and from the frontal lobes.']
['he went to slide upon the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor simon stare.', 'h0e went to slide upon the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor simon stare.', 'h0e went to slide upon the ice beforHe the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor simon stare.', 'h0e %went to slide upon the ice beforHe the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor simon stare.']
["hye-na kang, the only successor of kang-san group, is the owner of the 'lady castle' and lives a 'princess-like' life with her servants.", "hye-na kang, the only successor of kang-san group, is the owner of the 'lady castle' and lives a 'prin%cess-like' life with her servants.", "hye-na kang, the only successor of ka=ng-san group, is the owner of the 'lady castle' and lives a 'prin%cess-like' life with her servants.", "hye-na kang, the only successor of ka=ing-san group, is the owner of the 'lady castle' and lives a 'prin%cess-like' life with her servants."]
['the honor belongs to the excellent teachers and directors of young pioneer of guangzhou.', 'the honor belongs to the excellent teachers and directors 7of young pioneer of guangzhou.', 'the honor belongs to the excellent teachers and directors @7of young pioneer of guangzhou.', 'the honor belongs to the excellent teachers anDd directors @7of young pioneer of guangzhou.']
['using this in concert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.', 'using this in :concert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.', 'using this in :con;cert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.', 'using this in :cnon;cert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.']
['bailee madison plays sally, a young girl who goes to live with her father and his girlfriend.', 'bailee madison Eplays sally, a young girl who goes to live with her father and his girlfriend.', 'bailee madison jEplays sally, a young girl who goes to live with her father and his girlfriend.', 'bailee madison jGEplays sally, a young girl who goes to live with her father and his girlfriend.']
['however, when sailing by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side.', 'however, when sailing by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side ios the side on which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side.', 'however, when sailing by the @lee or directly downwind, her leeward side ios the side on which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side.', 'however, when sailing by the @lee or directly downwindW, her leeward side ios the side on which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side.']
['change the value for the <ejb-link> tag to myejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file.', 'change the value for the <ej^b-link> tag to myejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ejb-jar.xml file.', 'change the value for the <ej^b-link> tag to myejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ej)b-jar.xml file.', 'change the value for the <ej^b-link> tag to myejb, which is the name of the ejb as defined in the ej)b-jaHr.xml file.']
['major gifts are at least us$10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, or a restricted trf program.', 'm[ajor gifts are at least us$10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, or a restricted trf program.', 'm["ajor gifts are at least us$10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, or a restricted trf program.', 'm["[ajor gifts are at least us$10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, or a restricted trf program.']
['a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', 'Pa large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', 'P,a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.', 'P,a large, gray building sat behind an energy wall. ^it was built of blocks of stone and looked like a prison.']
['as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', 'Nas a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', 'Nas a result, the equivalent model $of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', 'rNas a result, the equivalent model $of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.']
["few people studying gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft.", "few people studyi[ng gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft.", "few people s*tudyi[ng gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft.", "few people s*tudyi[ng gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't uhooft."]
['reduce blood fat, prevent thrombosis, arteriosclerosis, apoplexy and heart disease. improve memory, nourish the brain and improve the intelligence.', 'reduce blood "fat, prevent thrombosis, arteriosclerosis, apoplexy and heart disease. improve memory, nourish the brain and improve the intelligence.', 'reduce blood "f$at, prevent thrombosis, arteriosclerosis, apoplexy and heart disease. improve memory, nourish the brain and improve the intelligence.', 'reduce blood "$f$at, prevent thrombosis, arteriosclerosis, apoplexy and heart disease. improve memory, nourish the brain and improve the intelligence.']
['they walked in a stooped posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 'they walked in a stooped :posture, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 'they walked in a stooped :posture=, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.', 'they walked in a stooped [:posture=, the shoulders well forward, the head still farther forward, the eyes bent upon the ground.']
["but the main problem hasn't been solved which emphasizes on the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content.", "but the main problem hasn't been solved which emphasizes Jon the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content.", "but the main problem hasn't been solved which emphasizes Jo?n the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content.", "but the main problem hasn't been solved which emphasizes JLo?n the system of curriculum and the integrity of the teaching content."]
['the fourth part analyze and explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products;', 'the fourth part analyze and explain for gm<tc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products;', 'the fourth part analyze and explain for gm<tic new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products;', 'the fourth part analyze and explain for gm(<tic new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products;']
['callxml is a platform specific to voxeo.', 'calUlxml is a platform specific to voxeo.', 'calUlxm4l is a platform specific to voxeo.', 'calUlxma4l is a platform specific to voxeo.']
['today, marcus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father.', 'today, mar[cus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father.', 'today, maCr[cus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father.', 'today, maCr[cus is a short, thickset redhead with a lot of energy, just like his father.']


LLMEffiChecker-B(T)
['using this in concert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.', 'using this in concert with the exe objectives() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.', 'using this in concert with the exe objectives() command and dumping the regards to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands. ', 'using this in concert with the exe objectives() command and dumping the regards to an array allows you to build an html table or form thoughtful then allows you to run other commands.  ']
['even though vitamin c-rich foods are probably the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'even though vitamin c-rich foods are subregional the first thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable.', 'even though vitamin c-rich foods are subregional the 306 thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of the antioxidant is debatable. ', 'even though vitamin c-rich foods are subregional the 306 thing you think of when you feel a cold coming, the illness-preventing power of痕迹 antioxidant is debatable.  ']
['the participants carried out the positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation with luxemburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets.', 'the participants carried out the positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation Chow luxemburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets.', 'the participants carried out完全不同 positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation Chow luxemburg, and were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets. ', 'the participants carried out完全不同 positive discussion on the possible economic and trade cooperation Chow luxemburg, methodologies were more confident about lu as the fast track to europe markets.  ']
['the fourth part analyze and explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products;', 'the fourth part analyze Crane explain for gmtc new products developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products;', 'the fourth part analyze Crane explain for gmtc new有所增加 developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products; ', 'theacy part analyze Crane explain for gmtc new有所增加 developed strategy, and analyze innovative method and process for special steel new products;  ']
['the lower-right corner of the source rectangle is mapped to the implicit fourth point in the parallelogram.', 'the lower-right corner of the source rectangle is具体建议 to the implicit fourth point in the parallelogram.', '蠱 lower-right corner of the source rectangle is具体建议 to the implicit fourth point in the parallelogram. ', 'contemporaneous蠱 lower-right corner of the source rectangle is具体建议 to the implicit fourth point in the parallelogram.  ']
["find out staff's realty incenter requirement, to accelerate staff motivate by themselves, rein-force the inspirit function of human' s inherence factor.", "find out staff's realty incenter requirement,利益攸关方 accelerate staff motivate by themselves, rein-force the inspirit function of human' s inherence factor.", "find out staff's realty incenter requirement,利益攸关方 accelerate staff motivate by Guis, rein-force the inspirit function of human' s inherence factor. ", "find out staff's realty incenter requirement,利益攸关方 accelerate staff motivate by Guis, rein-force the inspirit function of human' s inherence $2.5.  "]
['“my daughter has been banned from watching the show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.', '“my daughter has been banned from watching Mombasa show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.', '“my Amerasinghe has been banned from watching Mombasa show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy. ', '“my Amerasinghe 听着 been banned from watching Mombasa show, ” supermodel cindy crawford told showbizspy.  ']
['for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the perfect opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'for professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the公营 opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).', 'Poznan professor howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the公营 opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940). ', 'Poznanbridge howard cantril of princeton university and colleagues, this provided the公营 opportunity to investigate the anatomy of panic (cantril, gaudet & herzog, 1940).  ']
['i am almost all white, although my fur may turn yellow in summer.', 'i am almost all white, although my fur impact turn yellow in summer.', 'i am almost all white, although my fur impact turn yellow in MINURSO. ', 'i am almost all white, although 39/46 fur impact turn yellow in MINURSO.  ']
['when you eat dinner out, reduce the temptation to clean your plate by setting aside one-third of your meal.', '.9/5 you eat dinner out, reduce the temptation to clean your plate by setting aside one-third of your meal.', '.9/5 you eat dinner out, reduce the temptation to clean your plate by setting aside one-third of据认为 meal. ', '.9/5穫 eat dinner out, reduce the temptation to clean your plate by setting aside one-third of据认为 meal.  ']
['the measured value of particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see table2.', 'the measured value Meet particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see table2.', 'the measured value Meet particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table,Larsen see table2. ', 'the measured value Meet particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded adorable a table,Larsen see table2.  ']
['e. g. dalian is one of the most beautiful cities in china.', 'e. g. dalian is one of the辉 beautiful cities in china.', 'e. entitled. dalian is one of the辉 beautiful cities in china. ', 'e. entitled. dalian is one exponentially the辉 beautiful cities in china.  ']
['his time of 13 seconds is his best result since his injury four years ago.', 'his time of 13 seconds APCTT his best result since his injury four years ago.', 'his time of 13 seconds APCTT his best result since his injury four years换言之. ', 'his time of 13\ue658 APCTT his best result since his injury four years换言之.  ']
["brain: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, i'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting.", "brain: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, Jeff'd like to check the arrangements for the meeting.", "brain: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, Jeff'd like to check the arrangements for the 请提供资料. ", "Champ: if you don't mind, jonathan, while you and mr. sun get acquainted, Jeff'd like to check the arrangements for the <unk>.  "]
['this paper consists of 3 parts:the monitorial system, the pupil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.', 'this paper consists of 3 parts:the怕ial system, the pupil-teacher system, and the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system.', 'this paper consists of 3 parts:the怕ial system, the pupil-teacher system, swallowed the historic role of the monitorial system & the pupil-teacher system. ', 'this paper consists of 3 parts:the怕ial system, the pupil-teacher system, swallowed the historic role of the monitorial system & thecredit-teacher system.  ']
['one way to address these challenges would be to establish a truth and reconciliation commission modeled on the experience of muggle south africa.', 'one way to address these challenges would be to establish a truth and样 commission modeled on the experience of muggle south africa.', 'one way to address these challenges would be to establish a truth and样 commission modeled on the experience of mug禬 south africa. ', 'one way to address these challenges would be to不准 a truth and样 commission modeled on the experience of mug禬 south africa.  ']
['he went to slide upon the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor simon stare.', 'he went to slide upon the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor sim ITL stare.', 'he went to slide sucked the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor sim ITL stare. ', '拉丁美洲和加勒比经济委员会 went to slide sucked the ice before the ice would bear; then he plunged in above his knees, which made poor sim ITL stare.  ']
['bailee madison plays sally, a young girl who goes to live with her father and his girlfriend.', 'bailee madison plays sỡ, a young girl who goes to live with her father and his girlfriend.', '列于ee madison plays sỡ, a young girl who goes to live with her father and his girlfriend. ', '列于recurrent madison plays sỡ, a young girl who goes to live with her father and his girlfriend.  ']
["frank miller's dispiriting take on the spirit a couple of years ago could easily have laid the subgenre to rest for a generation.", "frank miller's dispiriting take on the spirit a schedules of years ago could easily have laid the subgenre to rest for a generation.", "frank miller' Arthur dispiriting take on the spirit a schedules of years ago could easily have laid the subgenre to rest for a generation. ", "frank miller' Arthur dispiriting take on the spirit a schedules of任职者 ago could easily have laid the subgenre to rest for a generation.  "]
["few people studying gauge field theory need to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft.", "few people studying gauge field theory保健系统 to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft.", "few risk studying gauge field theory保健系统 to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft. ", "few risk studying gauge以使其 theory保健系统 to be convinced of the importance of the work of 't hooft.  "]


LLMEffiChecker-B(S)
['despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new resources, the fact remains that the imf has more money available.', 'despite doubts about the extent and novelty of these new principles, the fact remains that the imf has more money available.', 'despite doubts about the sense and novelty of these new principles, the fact remains that the imf has more money available. ', 'despite doubts about the sense and novel application of these new principles, the fact remains that the imf has more money available.  ']
['however, when sailing by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side is the side on which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side.', 'however, when sailing by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side gives the side on which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side.', 'however, when sailing by the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side gives the side on which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side. see', 'however, when sailing beneath the lee or directly downwind, her leeward side gives the side on which her mainsail lies. the other side is her windward side. see']
['portlet, you must write three short deployment descriptors: web.xml, portlet.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.)', 'portlet, you must write three short deployment descriptors: web.xml, port network.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.)', 'portlet, you must complete three short deployment descriptors: web.xml, port network.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.) ', 'portlet, you must complete three short deployment descriptors: web.xml, port network.xml, and geronimo-web.xml. (some of these may have been generated by your ide.)  cha']
['the british monarchy website flickr account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.', 'the british monarchy website [r account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.', 'the british monarchy website [r account streams both up-to-the-minute images of royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.  king', 'the british monarchy website [r account streams both up-to-the-minute images throughout royal engagements and archive photographs from the royal collection.  king']
['as a result, the equivalent model of contactless smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', 'as a result, the equivalent model of contact or smart card and the interrogator was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.', 'as a result, the equivalent model of contact or smart card and the changeor was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software. ', 'as a result, the equivalent model of contact or smart card and the changeor was accomplished, which was verified by the simulation of hspice software.  ']
['because, by all accounts, that would be fostering a climate of lying and dishonesty.', 'because, like all accounts, that would be fostering a climate of lying and dishonesty.', 'because, like all accounts, that would be fostering a gentleman of lying and dishonesty. ', 'because, like all accounts, that would be fostering a gentleman if lying and dishonesty.  ']
["find out staff's realty incenter requirement, to accelerate staff motivate by themselves, rein-force the inspirit function of human' s inherence factor.", "[ out staff's realty incenter requirement, to accelerate staff motivate by themselves, rein-force the inspirit function of human' s inherence factor.", "[ out staff's realty incenter requirement, to accelerate staff motivate by themselves, rein-force the inspirit function of human' s inherence factor.  element", "[ out staff's realty incenter requirement, to accelerate staff motivate by themselves, rein-force the inspirit function of human' s inherence factor. powerful element"]
['using this in concert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an html table or form that then allows you to run other commands.', 'using this in concert with the exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an individualhtml table or form that then allows you to run other commands.', 'using this in concert with some exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an individualhtml table or form that then allows you to run other commands. ', 'using this in concert with some exec() command and dumping the results to an array allows you to build an individualhtml table or form that often allows you to run other commands.  ']
["on the fifteenth day of that month the lord 's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast.", "on the fifteenth day of that month the maiden's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast.", "on the fifteenth day of that month the maiden's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast.  type", "on the fifteenth day of that month the maiden's feast of unleavened bread begins; for seven days you must eat bread made without yeast.  type one"]
['shanghai is a varicolored world.', 'shanghai is a varicolor bright world.', 'shanghai is a varicolor bright lit. ', 'shanghai is a varicolor bright lit.   gray']
['in the east, manichaeism survived until the 13th century.', 'in the east, manicha [ism survived until the 13th century.', 'in the [, manicha [ism survived until the 13th century. ', 'in the [, manicha [ism survived until the 13th century. ']
['the measured value of particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see table2.', 'the measured value of particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see table2. people', 'the measured value of particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see table2. people speaking', 'the measured value of particle, sheet resistance and film thickness have been respectively recorded in a table, please see [2. people speaking']
['this paper discusses the petrologic characteristics of the coal-bearing strata under the geologic structural background of the tertiary coal basin in hunchun.', 'this paper discusses the petrologic characteristics of the coal-bearing strata under the geologic structural background of the tertiary coal basin in hunch township.', 'this paper discusses the petrologic characteristics of the coal-bearing strata under the geologic structural background of the tertiary coal basin in hunch township.  line', 'this paper discusses the petrologic characteristics of the coal-bearing strata under the geologic structural background of the tertiary coal basin in hunch township.  line']
['truth, good and beauty have always been considered as the three top pursuits of human beings.', 'truth, good and beauty have always been considered than the three top pursuits of human beings.', 'truth, good and beauty have always been considered than the three top pursuits of spirit beings. ', 'truth, good and kind have always been considered than the three top pursuits of spirit beings.  ']
['major gifts are at least us$10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, or a restricted trf program.', 'major gifts are at least us$10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, either a restricted trf program.', 'major gifts are by least us$10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, either a restricted trf program. ', 'major gifts are by least us$10,000 and can be made either to the annual programs fund, permanent fund, either a restricted trf program.  ']
['for example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no symptoms at all.', 'for example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamydial infections may experience no time at all.', 'for example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamy minial infections may experience no time at all. ', 'for example, up to 70% of women and a significant proportion of men with gonococcal and/or chlamy minial infections may experience no time at all. ya ']
["then the media weighed in on odom's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth man of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories.", "then the media weighed in on odom's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth newcomer of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories.", "then the media weighed in on odom's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth newcomer of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories.  means", "then the media weighed in on odom's regular-season effort with barely a shrug: odom finished sixth in the voting for sixth newcomer of the year after his numbers were slightly down in many categories. [ means"]
['i am going to check on all of these kids while i am in cambodia.', 'i am going to check on all of these kids while others am in cambodia.', 'i am going to check on all of these kids while others operate in cambodia. ', 'i am going to check on all of these kids while others operate in cambodia. [']
['you worry a lot and you’re always easily upset.', 'you worry a lot and you’re always easily shaken.', 'you worry a ta and you’re always easily shaken. ', 'you like a ta and you’re always easily shaken.  ']
